Tuesday. The most accursed day of the week.
The foolish, unenlightened masses regularly assume that Monday is the worst out their lot - but Tuesday is where the true despair begins.
They convince themselves that things won't be so bad, but as soon as Tuesday comes, they realize there is no escape.
They have already become slaves to another mundane moment of existence - and it is too late to break away when they finally realize their mistake.
And the only thing they can do to keep themselves from succumbing to insanity is to bear the weight of their burden until the week is over.
Yes, Tuesday is the one day of the week where human anguish and misery reach their absolute peak…
...Which makes things perfect for me.
But who am I, you ask?
Come now, have you truly forgotten me?
You may have no idea who I am, but I know the faces of all the pathetic mortals in this realm.
But just for your sake, I suppose it’s best to tell you...
Like an errant lightning bolt from the heavens cast down onto the Earth, I appear to set the world ablaze!
I am an existence unparalleled by any before me! I am a true being of ultimate power - a god amongst men!
You stand in the presence of Sebastian Wolfgang IV, the Chaotic Lord of Thunder, the one that will bring this world to its--
*BANG! BANG! BANG!*
H-Huh!?
Hey, keep it down in there! I'm trying to study!
G-Go away, Yumi! I'm in the middle of something important right now!
Don't gimme that, Makoto. You're just in there talking to yourself, aren't you?
M-My name isn’t Makoto! Not anymore…
Come on, you’re in high school now. Do you really have the time for this nonsense right now?
Look, I-I’ll be done in here soon, j-just gimme a few more minutes, alright!?
*sigh* Whatever. Just try to wrap up whatever you're doing soon, okay?
I could hear that vile person’s steps as she walked away.
Okay...
Damn it, my concentration is all messed up! Who does she think she is, interrupting a demon lord in the middle of his monologue!?
Now I gotta get back into character and recount my spiel all over again. Alright, from the top…
Tuesday: a day fraught with disaster and despair.
Wait, that doesn’t sound right…
Tuesday: a mediocre day in a mediocre existence that highlights our mundane mediocrity for all to see.
Ugh, no, that sounds stupid. Too much alliteration, maybe?
What did I even say the first time…?
...You know what, forget it! Let's just continue from where I left off.
Yes, it is I, Sebastian Wolfgang IV, all powerful commander of demons and ultimate terror!
Now that you know who I am and what I am capable of, I can see the fear trickling down your face like the blood from a fresh wound.
But fear not, my dear; I shall not consume your soul and erase you from existence quite yet.
No, I will instead make you watch as I finally unleash my full power onto the world and bring it to its knees!
For you see, I have been preparing for a day like this for a long time - and now I shall attempt what no other mortal has dared attempt before…
Yes, I shall perform a demon summoning!
You were a fool to think you could challenge my authority and claim my powers to be false - or worse, mere make-believe!
But little do you realize that I have now finished all my preparations, and I shall begin my incantations on this very night!
In just a few short Earth hours, I will call forth a demon of unimaginable power who will obey my every command without hesitation!
And once they are in this world, I will use their power to create a new world order. All of the insignificant insects shall bow before me, or burn!
Not even you - o’ degenerate fool that you are - will realize what a mistake you’ve made when you have seen the error of your ways and finally recognized my awesome power!
After I bring the world to ruin, I’ll crush you in an instant and watch your blood taint the rivers!
And atop your mangled corpse, I will {b}rule over all of creation!{/b}
Hahahaha… {i}{b}Aaaahahahahaha!!!{/b}{/i}
*BANG! BANG! BANG!*
Alright, you had your fun already, Mr. Demon Lord. Come on out.
...
Way to kill the mood…
My attempt to escape this mundane existence was over as soon as it started.
In an instant, I’ve gone from Sebastian Wolfgang IV, a thousand year-old practitioner of the dark arts…
...back to Makoto Takaya - a boring, normal high schooler with absolutely nothing special about him.
It’s frustrating, but not completely unexpected. I’ve grown used to having my fantasies dashed time and again.
But every time I get dragged back into reality, it's a reminder of how bothersome it is.
And the most bothersome force at that moment just so happened to be…
...My sister, Yumi.
She usually knows her place and leaves me to my own devices, but every once in awhile she comes along to take the wind out of my sails.
If I could be considered a raging wildfire consuming all in my path, then she could be likened to a rainstorm that quells those flames.
In other words, she's a complete nuisance.
Don't look at me like that. I just wanna know what you were doing in there.
Was that all? Come now, dear sister, are you sure you weren't going to relay my tactics to any enemy spies?
That's just like her, prying into a dark overlord’s business. Well, I suppose I can overlook this slight - just this once…
...Especially considering I’m actually in a good mood today.
Heh. If you must know, o’ sibling of flesh and blood, I was busy preparing myself.
Surely even you understand what that means by now, right?
You mean you were letting the whole neighborhood know what a dork you are?
D-Dork!?
Leave it to Yumi to misunderstand the subtle nuances of my existence. I guess I’ll have to spell it out in big, bold letters.
Hmph! You won’t be making such trite quips for long, dear sister!
For you see… I will be summoning a demon into this realm!
Wait… ‘summoning a demon…?’
Of course! It will be an all-powerful, almighty soldier of Hell who will follow my orders without question!
With its power, I will lay waste to my enemies and conquer the world!
You really think an all-powerful demon would follow a scrawny thing like you?
Ignore that comment, Sebastian. She knows not the forces she is dealing with.
I wouldn’t be surprised if she doesn’t have a single idea of what I was talking about, either.
Who was that ‘degenerate fool’ you were talking about anyways?
Huh!?
Welp, spoke too soon.
Y-You mean you were listening in on me!?
Uh, yeah; kinda hard not to when I could hear you from anywhere in the house.
Dammit, I was a fool to do my monologuing in the bathroom! Are there any safe havens left in this cruel world? Is nothing sacred!?
Th-That is none of your concern! I assure you, I will have everything dealt with in due time!
Look, I don’t really care what you do with this whole ‘dark lord’ business, but just try to keep yourself from doing anything stupid, alright?
Mom and Dad may be off to Kamakura for awhile, but that doesn’t give you carte blanche to make a mess of things while they’re gone.
So… just try to behave yourself, okay?
Sure...
Satisfied with my response, Yumi walks away without another word…
...She leaves me there, stewing in my own embarrassment. My mortal sibling has to butt in every chance she can get, doesn’t she?
I can practically see the headlines: ‘Dark Overlord of Destruction Stopped by Nagging Sister!’ It’s enough to make me vomit.
But nothing is going to stop me now. Not even the one mortal who knows my thousand-year history on this Earth.
I have everything I need to perform the summoning… Now all that’s left is to perform the incantations.
I glance back to my reflection in the bathroom mirror and give it a knowing, sinister smirk.
Plain old Makoto will behave himself - but Sebastian Wolfgang IV cannot be held down by mere mortals.
With confidence surging through me, I began walking towards my destiny…
Today is a new day. If I am to overcome the trials that stand before me, I must redouble my efforts.
In order to hone the darkest magics from beyond the spiritual plane, I've had to resort to more... {i}drastic{/i} methods.
We are as mortals, after all. Without the blessings of the auspicious, we are as clay in the mud - without form, without the spark of divinity.
I am only a man; granted, one that has witnessed a millenia of barbarism, but I'd probably need a little help.
The preparations are complete. The stars have aligned. The time to act is now.
Ah… everything is proceeding just as I have foreseen. What an absolute thrill!
I have repurposed my parents’ garage to serve as an altar for the blackest of dark arts.
They… probably won't mind - I hope. To be safe, I'll clean up before they get back.
In all likelihood, they're engaging in {i}some{/i} kind of wicked vice regardless. They're off in Kamakura, doing whatever it is adults do on their anniversary.
The garage’s design is perfect for my aspirations. I have been burning incense for the past fifteen minutes in preparation...
A white and a black candle are placed on two sides. The white, symbolizing the hypocrisies of those who would deride the darkest magics…
...And the black candle, to serve as a representation {i}of{/i} those darkest magics. Balanced in equilibrium.
And, upon completion, I need only to raise the doors and release this ashen hellfire upon the world.
Ufufufu~ Sometimes, my foresight’s pristine clarity terrifies even me!
It’s as if I can witness the threads of fate coiling before me - as if I can reach in and twist them to my eldritch whims.
My plan is simple: while I have not gathered enough power to shed the trappings of this mortal husk…
...There are greater powers to consult.
I will make an offering to the Dark One, then consort and make a bargain for yet greater power - power that will overcome the greatest tribulation I have encountered yet.
The cost is of no concern. I am already a demon.
...Pity I had to make some {i}adjustments,{/i} to the designs of this ritual.
Performing an invocation on a student budget is a challenge, after all. Sacrifices were necessary - and not the fun ones.
I’m afraid a chalice crafted from genuine silver was… too decadent for this humble practitioner of black magic.
Spray-painting an ordinary chalice with silver paint, however, proved to be a more affordable alternative.
A show of thriftiness that would please Mammon of Greed himself.
...I ended up spray-painting most of the items for use in this ritual. I hope the fumes don't make me dizzy.
At least dressing for the occasion isn't a problem. I have plenty of black to wear.
And at the very least, procuring a pentagram was easy on the wallet.
It is drawn in salt - a traditional preparation of sorcerers. Its purpose? To assert dominance over the forces of chaos, to bring order to these unconquerable forces.
...Oh, right, speaking of sodium.
I reach for something I've been keeping in a nearby fridge.
They say you're supposed to use blood for this sort of thing, but I… I'm a little squeamish around that kind of stuff.
So I got tomato juice instead. I'm kind of hoping it's a decent substitute.
I mean, I could use someone else's blood. My sister wasn't too thrilled with the idea, though.
...She actually smacked me. My head's still ringing from that.
Well, it's organic, at least, so… I hope demons like this.
Cracking open a can, I pour some of the thick, red blood-substitute into a little dish.
Taking two fingers, I paint a circle with it. Perfect. It's large enough for me to comfortably occupy.
Everything is almost ready. I can feel my hands tremble in anticipation, but I must remember to calm myself.
Ah, one more thing. I must preserve this auspicious moment. It shall serve as a portrait of my tireless preparations.
Taking out my phone, I open the camera app, and ready the lens…
Good. Proper, unedited evidence in its purest form.
This will do nicely.
...Ah, wait, no filters. Filters are ugly and pedestrian.
...What am I even doing?
Alright, alright, let's chill for a bit. Gotta get into the right mindset.
As if possessed, my hands make a myriad of movements, casting a spell to protect myself from charms and other nebulous incantations. Safety first, after all.
Alright, I think I'm {i}finally{/i} ready.
I turn off the lights, leaving only candles to illuminate my makeshift altar.
Finally, I lock the door behind me. This is it. The die has been cast.
Clasping my hands together once more, I bow my head and kneel. It is time to recite the incantation.
...Shit, how does the Latin part go again? Uh…
'In… In nomine... Dei nostri Satanas... Luciferi ex… excelsi?
...Eh. Close enough. Latin's a dead language - and it's dead for a damn good reason.
At least I'm decent enough in my English classes to handle the rest. I take another breath…
'In the name of Satan, the ruler of the Earth and king of the world…'
'...I command the forces of darkness to bestow their infernal power upon me!'
I feel a low breeze caress my face. I'm not even done with the invocation.
Blinking, I refocus, though it's… a hell of a coincidence.
O, open wide the gates of Hell and come forth from the abyss, to… to greet me as your brother and friend!
Wh-What was that? Is there an earthquake!?
C'mon Makoto, wrap it up!
Grant me the — {i}w-whoa{/i} -— the in… the indulgences of which I speak! Come... Come forth and answer to your names by… by manifesting my d-desires!
...Please?
A strong gust of wind knocks me to the floor.
I sprawl for a few precious moments, before reorienting myself.
..What… What is the meaning of this?
The candles stubbornly remain aflame, despite the stormy conditions. A feeling of utter dread washes over me.
{b}What the {i}hell{/i} are you doing in there, Makoto!? You better not be making a mess!{/b}
That feeling of dread intensifies. The icy blasts of wind buffet my face; my boney hands clench against the asphalt.
The realization of what I have triggered finally hits me like a stack of bricks. The ebony shadows dancing against the candle-lit walls taunt me.
This is it. I've cause the end of the world as we know it. I've granted passage to the Dark Lord Satan himself.
{b}If you’re performing another one of your stupid seances or whatever, it’s {i}not funny!{/i} I’m gonna tell Mom and Dad!{/b}
...Shit! This… This isn't good…!
All I can do is grit my teeth and bow my head - to wait and behold the undoing of reality itself.
The Lord of All Evil himself is about to make his grand entrance. I can only hope he will take pity on me for my foolishness.
The stimuli continue to assault and overwhelm me.
I can hardly differentiate the screeching winds from my elder sister’s incontinent screaming.
Overwhelmed by the power, I close my eyes. Perhaps if I become acutely aware, I will wake up from this horrible nightmare.
I would cast aside my thousand-year career as a practitioner of the dark arts if this were all to be some foolish boy’s warped vision!
Nn… This wasn't what was supposed to…
Shit, {b}Shit…!{/b}
And suddenly, everything went quiet. An incense-filled smokiness hung in the air.
This didn't feel like a dream. It was all too real - down to every grain of salt beneath me.
I suppose I ruined the pentagram, but that was the least of my concerns.
I could feel a presence in the pitch-black garage, but even with all of the meditation and seances I performed, my eyes had not the power to pierce the ebony veil.
My breath was still. I knew I locked the garage door.
So, who got in here?
...
The realization hit me: it wasn't a question of {i}who{/i}, but of what.
A chill drifted down my spine. My attention immediately focused on the sound of footsteps against the asphalt.
Left foot? Right foot? It was drawing ever closer…
The presence was… unspeakably powerful. And it was drawing closer still.
Oh God, please don't hurt me!
I could feel its raspy breath on my neck…
Wow! Tomato juice! Did you get this for me?
...
T-Tomato… juice…?
Oh, hey, this is, like, an offering, right? Oh, you're such a sweetheart!
Tomato juice is my favourite! Y'know it's rich in Vitamin A, right?
The other girls make fun of me because it's so sodium-rich and I need to watch my figure…
...But I think it's perfectly alright to indulge in your favourite things every now and then, isn’t it?
I couldn't make out this person's face through the darkness, but the presence and the voice matched.
Were they one and the same? What's the meaning of this…?
Hey, is there a light in here? Oh, it's over here! Lemme just get that~!
The lights flickered back to life…
...And before me was an… an oddly dressed girl?
She was dressed in something I could only describe as... something from a tacky magical girl anime.
Somehow, it seemed to suit her just fine. She was smiling so giddily the entire time, and could hardly stay still.
The girl’s grin felt familial - like she was a long-time neighbour.
...And she also had… devilish horns and bright red skin?
Oh. {i}Oh{/i}. ...What?
This… {i}definitely{/i} wasn't good. I’m not sure why I didn't notice those features earlier, though...
Y'know, I really appreciate you bringing me tomato juice!
Because, you see, a lot of people end up doing really gross and creepy things, like using {i}blood{/i} or some ghastly thing like that…
And they're usually from some poor creature that did nothing wrong… Don't you think that's the saddest thing?
Like, I feel like, sometimes, people don't really {i}get{/i} me… but you do, don't you?
Who... Who are you…?
...
...Ihihi!~
That laugh would've sounded cute and inviting in any other circumstance, but before this disastrous altar, it was chilling.
You really don't know who I am, Makoto…?
Wha… How do you know my name?
Oh I know a lot of things! It's because I have a lot of responsibilities to attend to.
Ahhh, but I guess if you're some country yokel, you probably wouldn't recognize me…
It's okay, it's okay! I'll reintroduce myself, how's that?
C-Country yokel…?
The way she called me that was - to be frank - patronizing and a little insulting, but she said it in such a cheery and pleasant way.
It was hard to feel dispirited, even if she insulted you right in your face.
I'm the one that makes the traffic lights stay red for you, for a whole three minutes at a time!
I'm the one who calls you on your phone when you're almost done with a full combo on your idol rhythm game!
And don't you just hate it when you open a bag of popcorn and find loose kernels in it!? Yup, that's me too~!
I'm Satan of Wrath! And I'm here to bring smiles to the faces of everyone around the world!
...Wait, {i}Satan{/i}!?
Yup! Though my stage name is just S⛧Tan! I'm the world's very first idol, y'know!
People think I might be too old for it, but that's poppycock! You can be whatever you wanna as long as you put your mind to it!~
What youthful sprite says 'poppycock...?
I have a colourful vocabulary! Ah, but enough about me…
Let's talk about you~!
...M-Me?
Despite her playful expression, I felt my skin writhing. Was this all a guise to seduce me? To lower my defences?
This {i}is{/i} Satan, after all. Her cunning is unparalleled.
I wanted to wish you, congratulations!
...Con-Congratulations?
{b}Congratulations~!{/b}
I-I heard you the first time!
Yes, congratulations! You're the Hell Hotline's 666,666th customer! Give yourself a big round of applause!
As she beamed, an uproarious applause filled the garage. From where specifically, it was impossible to tell.
Cautiously, I clapped along. Is this the power of a true demon? To influence those around you?
...Wh-Where's the applause coming from?
Don't worry about it too much! I'd say there are more important things to talk about.
Right, right, so… so, like, did you come to take my soul?
For some kind of dark pact? Signing a contract in blood, that sort of thing?
Blood!? No, no! That's such a creepy, stalker-ish thing to do!
Asking for a signature in blood... Who would even {i}think{/i} about something so crazy?
Not me, no sirree! I'm not here to claim your soul!
Oh… Uh, well… that's a relief.
...Not {i}yet.{/i}
For a second I thought you were going to rain fiery death upon the ashen Earth and--
Wait, 'not yet?'
Ohhh, don't worry about it! It's all part of the {b}amazingly hellish deal{/b} we have to offer you~!
She beamed. She carried herself with such radiant, carefree aplomb it was almost blinding. I couldn't lower my defences - not even an inch.
...You make it sound like you're trying to unload some kind of timeshare off on me.
Ahh, yeah… I've had to take up part-time work.
The economy's really hard for a pure, innocent idol, just trying to bring joy to the world. We haven't sold out an event in centuries...
Wait, alright, hold on, what was that about a--
And we don't even make any money off of merchandise and syndication! Isn't that a real tragedy?
Sometimes I wonder if people out there know what we're really all about…
Finally feeling a tinge of pity, I sighed. It was hard not to give her the benefit of the doubt.
Yeah, it-it's terrible.
Yeah, right? I knew you'd understand!
You're different from everyone else! I think you can really make a difference in the world~!
...That's... odd to hear from you.
Like, considering you're, uh, Satan. Ruler of the Damned, et cetera.
...Huh? I-I don't speak Latin.
You have {i}got{/i} to be kidding...
And I'm in characterrr! It's 'S⛧Tan', silly! And don't forget the pentagram~!
How would you even begin to pronounce--
Anyway! I have a {b}positively sinful deal{/b} for your perusal! If I can have just a moment of your time…
I'm not too privy on any 'deal' that would involve me trading my immortal soul. Just gonna state that up front.
Oh no no, I'm not going to put you on the spot like that! See, the fantastic, amazing, hellishly good deal iiiiis…
A free trial of our summoning services!
Free… trial?
That's what you wanted, right? To make a demon your familiar?
I mean, why else would you go through aaaaall this effort~?
She smiled at me with expectant eyes, like an orphan expectantly hoping to be given a new home.
Well, that's not {i}exactly{/i} what I…
Wait. If I summoned a demon, then… then their power would be my power, yes?
Yes, yes! You two would be partners, you see. Tied together and knotted like an infernal pretzel!
I like strawberry-dipped pretzels, myself… they're sweet {i}and{/i} salty~!
Rubbing my chin, I pondered the offer.
Then, if… if I had a demon as my familiar…
...Unspeakable power would be at my fingertips. The mortal realm would be but soft, malleable clay within my iron grip.
...Yes. Yes, I like the sound of that! An extremely powerful demon at my disposal…
And they'll try their best every day, because that's what's really important!
And, again, you say I won't have to put my soul up as collateral?
It's a free trial in every way you can imagine!
No credit card details, no payments, no forfeiture of your immortal soul for as long as the trial period lasts!
The demon kept piquing my interest. Perhaps this was the chance of a lifetime - a trial period to exact revenge on humanity for its malice and hubris.
I could dream big. Existence is transient in the hands of a demon lord.
...And how long does this, ah, {i}mercy period{/i} last?
You get one month of our services absolutely free! No strings attached~!
Well… this mercy period, I daresay… decidedly lacks mercy, ufufu.
{i}Veni vidi vici{/i}, as they say in Rome! The planets swirl for Sebastian Wolfgang IV alone!
Ooh, such bloodcurdling enthusiasm~!
It's difficult not to get excited with the Princess of All Darkness at my side, Sa-- ...S⛧Tan.
Admittedly, uttering that trite nickname was a struggle - even for me. But it'd have to become habit if we were to rule this world together.
...Eh? Oh, I… oh no, that isn't…
Whatever is the matter? The world is but a stage, and we are its playwrights!
I think you have the wrong idea.
You see, it's not {i}me{/i} who's gonna be your familiar.
She frowned so obtusely, but her eyes looked me over with pity.
...What? But it was your visage that I brought to this world, was it not?
Not quite. See, I'm just a part-timer, here to show you the ropes, make sure everything's running smooth… That sort of thing.
I… I can't be your familiar, you see! I have a celibate image I have to maintain.
Being seen in proximity with a cute, younger boy would be a media scandal.
'Cute?’ I-I'm not cute, I'm… I'm rugged as heck!
Ohhh, you sweet summer child…
Now she was smiling at me, but with even more pity in her expression than before!
I could feel my face fill with red. Absolutely infuriating! This was, undoubtedly, her true potential as Satan of Wrath.
How old does she think she is!? ...Actually, that's a question better left unanswered.
No, no, you'd be hooked up with another demon!
This is starting to sound like a seedy dating service...
Ah, no, nothing that pathetic or lonely!
I bet they're dying to meet you! Alright, quiet, quiet, I'm gonna call them over~!
...Ah, but I'm gonna need you to close your eyes for this. It makes the magic stronger, you see!
...Really? But, you're a demon, and summoning isn't quite the same as a charlatan's magic trick.
Truuue, but special effects cost a lotta money, and I'm trying my best to save for my career… {i}Pleeeease?{/i}
The demoness flashed me the saddest pair of puppy-dog eyes I had ever seen. What a pitiful display…
I closed my eyes to brace myself.
...Well, fine, if that's the case…
{b}Yes! Okay then, {i}nooo{/i} peeking!
This all felt so childlike, but… I had high hopes for what had yet to come.
Oh, how wrong I was…
Ooookayyyy! Now remember, we can make anything happen if we all sing along~!
{i}I don't sing.{/i}
Nn…
...Huh? Oh, shoot, silly me~! I think she was here the whole time!
I heard that too! What {i}was{/i} that? It sounded like another girl, but…
...What? How can this be?
Hmmmmmm… oh, oh, I think I know!
Aren't you going to answer my question!?
She wasn't. I could hear her skipping to the other side of the garage.
And she was opening the storage chest? I squinted to try and peek through…
{b}Hey!{/b} Nooooo peeking! It spoils the magic!
What magic!?
Could you keep it down? You’re causing such a racket…
Ohhh, let's not be such a grumpy gus! C'mon, up we goooo~!
I'm not grumpy… And d-don't grab me there, i-it's…! I'm ticklish… h-heheh, th-that's sexual harrassment, y-you know…
What the…?
Okay! You can open your eyes, Makoto~!
...
Now that she was actually prompting me to do so… I was hesitant.
But I had no other choice. I slowly did as instructed...
...And found S⛧Tan next to another strange-looking girl.
She was cocooned in a comfy-looking robe. Wrapped as snuggly as she was, she almost ready for bed.
The dull expression on her face and the way her head tilted forward only provided more validation to that look.
With S⛧Tan and this girl right next to each other, one smiling so brightly and the other… {i}not…{/i}
It really was looking at night and day.
I was having such a nice dream too… couldn't you let me sleep…?
C'moooon Beepy! Introduce yourself~!
...Do I have to? It's such a chore…
And every time I hear you do it, I feel embarrassed by proxy.
All idols need a cute introduction, right? C'mon, you can do it~!
I… I never agreed to this idol thing…
Aw, y'sure? But it's the quickest way to a boy's heart~!
Nn… {i}Fiiiine,{/i} I'll do the stupid… idol thing…
Yaaayy~~!
Taking a deep breath, Beepy readied herself...
Alright, uhhh… how'd it go again…?
Oh, right, uh… y'know that feeling you get… when your paper's due tomorrow, and you go…
'Oh, I'll just, eh, diddle uselessly on this MOBA and figure it out later…'
Or that feeling when you get, like, 14 hours of sleep and still feel groggy?
...Well, oversleeping is bad for you, I guess - so, like, don't do it.
...Where was I? ...Eh, whatever. I'm Belphegor of Sloth. Can I go now?
...
{i}(That wasn't like we rehearsed…){/i}
The girl who called herself Belphegor stared at me with a look not unlike a bored college student who had just delivered a C-grade presentation.
...Come to think of it, a C might be a bit too generous.
Way to go! I'm so proud of you, you put in so much effort this time~!
...If it's too long, you can just call me Beepy too. It's like, whatever.
So, Beepy, you're the--
Yup! She's gonna be your familiar! Isn't this an exciting turn of events?
D-Does she have any powers…?
One time... I binged a 15-season anime in only a week.
And that was {i}with{/i} the filler too. I hated it.
Then… Then why did you watch all of it…?
Nothing else was on.
Now then, Makoto, I'm sure you're {i}dying{/i} to get to know each other, so I'll just leave you to it! But before I go…
I'm gonna give you my personal number! You can call me whenever you need help with anything, okay?
Oof!
She shoves a business card into my chest with such force that it - quite literally - took my breath away.
True to her word, there's a phone number on the back in excessively ornate writing.
Now don't go sharing that number! It's highly sought after!
And if some random paper salesperson decides to call me…
Then I'd know it'd be because of {i}you{/i}. So don't make me upset, okay?
The way she uttered that… it couldn't be interpreted as anything other than threatening.
It was so juxtaposed to her bubbly enthusiasm. It was genuinely chilling.
I could only nod in affirmation. Beepy was uninterested in the whole thing.
As she was with everything, it seemed…
Just as quickly as she’d switched personae,, S⛧Tan lightened up again.
Perfect! Alright, toodles~! Lemme know if you need anything, okay?
...S-Sure?
Okay! Then it seems my work here is done!
{b}Infernal vanishing ninjutsu, {i}gooo~!{/i}{/b}
Wha!?
At first, there was silence. S⛧Tan threw some kind of capsule on the ground, but then…
A blinding light engulfed the garage!
And when it cleared, Beepy was left alone.
She always does that. It's kinda predictable.
...What {i}was{/i} that?
She just said what it was, didn't she? Jeez, you're stupid…
Boy, though… she watches too many shonen anime. Too much excitement.
So. You're Makoto Takaya, right?
'Makoto?’ ...I suppose that is my given name, yes.
However… {b}However!{/b} The heart of a demon pulses underneath that unassuming visage. For my true name Is Seba--
It’s Makoto, right?
...
Unless you got some, like, weird roleplay shit going on? What's with the cape?
The… th-the cape is… I-I am Sebastian Wolfgang IV, and I will not tolerate--
Jeez, alright, you don't have to yell… Sorry I asked.
Would you stop interrupting me!?
Sorry. Every time you take a deep breath like that, it sounds like you're going to mouth off for a while.
So I kinda just… cut to the chase. Sparknotes version and stuff.
Eventually, Beepy stood up - but even then, her posture seemed dull and sluggish.
...It's drafty in here. I'm gonna go someplace else.
Without another word, she stepped out of view.
Suddenly alone, I was confronted by the mess left in the strange demon girls' wake.
The pentagram was in a mess now, trampled by S⛧Tan's excited running. Beepy didn't pay it any particular mind either.
I frowned to myself. I spent so much time on it too…
What the hell am I supposed to do now…?
I successfully managed to - against all logic and reason - perform a summoning ritual.
I didn't think in a million years that tomato juice would be the decisive factor.
...Honestly, I don't know what else I expected. Even then, I didn’t expect {i}this!{/i}
Nor did I expect Satan of all things to be a wannabe idol.
...Wait, if my sister found Belphegor running around the house, she... she'd flip her shit.
I should find Beepy.
When the energy finally returned to my legs, I headed towards the locked door and fiddled with it until it finally opened.
...Crap, where is she?
Not here either.
She couldn't have gotten far. For someone so tired-looking, she really gets around - and not in the way demons normally do!
It's fine, it's fine. She's probably {i}somewhere.{/i} I just need to--
{b}There{/b} you are, Makoto!
Ah! Y-Yumi!
I don't know how she manages to sneak up on me like that so easily!
I mean, she came from nowhere! How is that fair!?
Perhaps, if she can teleport, she is my sister after all…
What the hell is going on!? There were a lot of weird noises coming from the garage just now!
N-Nothing! Nothing at all! Just… practicing… sports.
...You haven't held any kind of ball since elementary.
Let me through; I'm taking a look.
She tried to shove past me, but I couldn’t let her do that.
If Yumi sees the aftermath, then summoning a demon will be the least of my worries!
N-No, you can't, because… C-Chemicals! They spilled! Very toxic fumes, not safe… I’m airing the place out.
I'm not worried! Just… get out of… the {b}way!{/b}
N-Nooo!
Placing both arms on my shoulders, she casts me aside like a ragdoll. It seems my resistance was infantile at best…
I landed on my butt with a dull thud.
Ugh… seriously, Yumi, you're making a mistake!
I’m not worried.
Yumi swung the door to the garage open and surveyed the damage.
...
Her mouth became a solid, stone line. Disappointment flashed across her face in an instant.
This is the part where S⛧Tan cleaned it up for me, right…?
Or mere mortals cannot hope to comprehend the chaos?
Yumi waited a second, then gingerly closed the door and glared at me.
So… What exactly were you doing in there?
Would you believe me if I said I was practicing practical movie effects?
No.
Then… {i}not{/i} that.
I can't {b}believe{/b} you!. The one thing Mom and Dad specifically said {i}not{/i} to do was practice that occult shit in the house!
Would've been better if you just... found some corn field to do it in, I dunno!
No, Yumi, you don't understand, I actually--
And it's an absolute {i}mess{/i} in there! I'm not cleaning that up! And you were about to {i}leave{/i} it for Mom and Dad to find!?
It's not like that, I have to find--
I'm gonna call them right now and tell them you've been channeling bygone spirits again!
W-Wait, please--
Ooh, wait 'til they hear about this! You're gonna be in {b}{i}so{/b}{/i} much trouble!
Before I could reply, she’d already turned around and stomped off in a rage.
This is bad. This is really {b}really{/b} bad!
Scrambling to my feet, I give chase.
Somehow, I manage to keep up with her - though I nearly tripped on my cape in the process.
Blasted thing just gets in the way most of the time…
She was already at the door to her room! I had to stop her, here and now!
Yumi, please, you gotta let me explain! It's not what you think!
You're not going to change my mind with your usual crap, Makoto!
'Ooh, the stars demanded it be so; ooooh, the chaotic miasma must be realigned!' It's all stupid, stupid crap!
I don't sound like that!
She slowly turned the knob…!
You just need to think really hard about what's important, Makoto. Just grow up and-and…
...Wha?
Yumi went quiet; her face went pale.
She just stood there, watching…
...Hullo.
...
Beepy…? What are you doing in my sister's room?
I was trying to find yours, but... this, uh, wasn't it.
Smelled too much like flowers and lavender. Think you could point me the right way?
It’s… It’s to the right, over there.
Sweet, thanks.
Without another word, she brushed past my sister and I. Yumi remained silent until...
What was that…?
Belphegor of Sloth. She prefers to be called Beepy, though.
How… How did it-- how did she get here?
From, uh, that summoning ritual in the garage?
...Huh.
This is just a weird dream, right, Makoto?
...Yeah, let's call it that for now.
Okay… I-I'll just… rest my head for a bit.
Yeah, you… you don't look so good.
Forget about that whole, uh, calling Mom and Dad thing too, yeah…
Oh… okay… Good night, Makoto…
She shambled back into her room, almost like a zombie. She closed the door behind her.
Haaah…
I released a breath I didn't realize I was holding.
Alright. Time to do some damage control. I wouldn't make for a demon lord if I couldn't lay down the law in my own home.
Beepy’s wandering around like she owns the place… that will {i}definitely{/i} cause problems.
Steeling myself, I turn myself towards the door to my room and march forward.
Entering my room, I'm careful to close the door behind me. All the better to cut off any escape routes.
Of course, she could just go out the window - or use magic or {i}something.{/i} I guess it's really a useless gesture….
Alright, where did she… oh.
I spot a curious lump beneath my sheets.
Zzz~
Jeez, you conk out easily, don't you…?
It's my… amazing power… I can fall asleep anywhere…
W-Wait, you heard that!?
Zzzzz…
A-Alright, enough joking around. Get up! This is {i}my{/i} bed.
Nn… Don't you mean {i}our{/i} bed…?
She slowly rose from her slumber, sullenly staring at me.
Wh-What do you mean!? My bed can't even {i}fit{/i} two people!
Pfft. Some magician you are…
No, I mean, it's physically… I-it's out of the question!
A-And I'm not a magician! I’m a sorcerer - a master of the arcane!
That's why you wear the gaudy cape, right…?
Haaaaahn…
Sitting up straight, she stretches and yawns. Her mannerisms were terribly cat-like…
The smell of lavender and jasmine filled the room. Was that Beepy's scent? It’s easier to tell, now that it's just the two of us…
She wasn't taking me seriously at all. Her eyes listlessly drifted around the room.
So this's your room, right? It's plainer than I expected.
P-Plain…?
I mean, with your ridiculous get-up, I expected a bunch of screamo posters.
Skulls, too. Edgy stuff.
Material possessions are fleeting. The eternal demon king’s throne is built on a foundation of diligent study - not transient property.
Oy, can you use smaller words? I just woke up…
Seriously, is that really your gimmick? I thought kids grew out of that stuff after junior high…
I-It's not a gimmick! This is who I really am!
And if I'm to reign supreme over this wretched existence, I must come to understand your powers in full!
To understand so I can reach in, and grasp but a microcosm of that power for myself.
Is this how you introduce yourself to every girl…?
Ever heard of ‘hello, how are you?’
Under Beepy’s piercing, incredulous look, I felt my resolve ebb away.
Eventually, she shrugged her shoulders.
Well, it's not complicated. Demons are supposed to coerce humans into indulging their vices.
Sooo… I'm a demon of sloth, so it's pretty much me being cute and lazy. I don't know what else to tell you, uguu~
Even her uguu sounded disingenuous! Why couldn’t I get S⛧Tan? Either way...
That… can't be all. You're a demon, right?
Well, no. I have other talents.
I have an eidetic memory - though it's pretty much dedicated to takeout menus.
This is ridiculous! What am I supposed to do with a-a demon that just eats and sleeps!?
I ‘ono. I kinda like having a roommate.
Sorry for disappointing you, I guess? I should probably be more sprightly and upbeat like Satan is…
Buuuut I really don't have the energy for it.
You mean, uh, S⛧Tan?
...Yes, her.
She grimaced at the sound of that tacky name. Truth be told, it was obtuse just to say aloud.
I was wondering if you actually knew each other.
Siblings. We're siblings. She's always been one to try and force everyone into doing whatever weird shit she feels like.
Even her… dumb idol troupe thing. It's way too much effort to deal with.
Wait, what idol troupe? Y-You're in on it, aren’t you?
...You're better off not knowing the details. Trust me.
B-But it's my mandate as a Demon Lord! To… to bring and bear the deceits of the truth!
What does that even mean? Seriously, forget it; it's dumb.
She continued to half-heartedly dodge the issue, but the discomfort in her face was palpable.
Smirking to myself, I had identified a chink in her armour - away to render her defences moot and reduce her life points to zero.
...She must have a fair bit of sway over you to get you to dress up like that.
Aaaagh, stooop…
She groaned, burying her head into a pillow.
I gotta say, that sounds positively adorable~
Noooo, it's embarrassinggg…
This change in behaviour was absolutely delicious - especially given the dumb looks Beepy had given me so far. In fact, it all felt deliciously karmic.
She's so insistent, and just begs and begs and... Ugh, it's annoying!
You can hold out for a hundred years - but eventually, you have to cave just to shut her up.
Oh, huh... It's not some dark brainwashing power, she's just… bratty.
That revelation was particularly disappointing. I had hoped to maybe harness her powers of suggestion for myself.
Apparently, it amounts to begging until you get what you want. Who could've known?
Hoo… Alright, whatever, I'll deal.
Now, let's hear something from you.
What? Why me?
We're getting to know each other, right? Generally, {i}normal{/i} people try to learn more about each other.
D-Don't condescend to me! I'm your master, after all! I cannot tolerate that level of in-insubordination from my underlings!
Oh sweetie, you're not a high enough level to order me around like that…
She was smiling! This… This harpy…!
C'mon, what's your game? Why go through all of the effort of a demon summoning thingamabob?
There was a point to it all, right…?
Uh…
...Actually, yes. That’s right.
This entire exercise was born from a wager - a game with implications for the entirety of this fleeting, rotting world.
...Really?
There’s that… that {i}look{/i} again! Her sardonic judgement only made me up the ante.
Ufufu… Yes, it is difficult to discern the truth of reality's whims from such a narrowed looking glass.
I will not bore you with the earth-shattering details… But everything happens for a reason.
This entire meeting was not through providence alone; it was thanks to the machinations of Sebastian Wolfgang IV!
...That's one of the {i}dumbest{/i} things I've ever heard - and S⛧Tan says some dumb crap.
For what is providence but an attempt to overturn luck - that folly - through sheer force of will? The gods made every effort to handicap me, but I outwitted them at every turn!
You're not even listening anymore, are you…?
Yes! The game is already won, so I need only to claim my prize! The crown and the deed to this entire pla--
Ugh, stoooop, please! Jeez, are we really going to keep up this tired old charade?
Sheesh, get over yourself.
...Wha?
Like… don't you have hobbies? Like, {i}normal{/i} hobbies?
Ah-- I don't understand.
What would an exalted demon lord have any use for--
Manga, video games, porn, anything! I don’t care what, just stop!
Y'know sometimes I have to read some freaky stuff just to doze off… i-if I'm in the mood for it, I mean.
{i}W-What.{/i}
...I mean, I'm not ashamed of it.
You… sure you're a demon of sloth?
We all have our urges!
Whatever. I don't really wanna bother just sitting here, getting judged by some loose chuuni prude.
Talking like this turned out to be way boring. Your gimmick's just… really tired, man.
I'm gonna see what else is in the house. Catch you later, {i}Sir Demon Lord{/i} or whatever.
Untangling herself from the covers, she strode to the door and left me to my thoughts once more.
...
What… {i}is{/i} she? Can she even talk to me like that?
I should feel disgraced or insulted, but I feel like a failure instead.
...Tch. Basic emotions. I should redouble my efforts.
I have a plan, after all. This uppity… {i}upstart{/i} can't derail them now!
Yes. She is the proof I need.
I should continue to monitor her…
For whatever reason, I couldn’t put as much heart into my evil schemes as I usually can.
The things Beepy said…I might as well have been talking to Yumi.
No. They are blind to see the... the uh, the entropic circling of the stars above. It… {i}must{/b} be so.
Yeah. Exactly. I got this.
There is a divine purpose to this, after all. I cannot allow my plans to be foiled so easily.
{b}Makoto!{/b} Are you still in your room!?
Crap!
Blasted spawn! If only we hadn't shared the same progenitors.
Alas, poor Yumi. She never had the mind to realize her greatness… I can’t help but pity her.
Rising from my bed, I turn to the door with a mighty flourish…
{b}{i}CRASH!{/b}{/i}
...Aaaand my cape caught the fan on my desk. My head immediately jerked to see the it clatter to the floor.
...Shit.
Straightening my clothes, I make my way back out into the hallway…
Sure enough, Yumi was waiting for me.
I thought her time-out was supposed to relax her, but instead it just wound her up even tighter.
I must say, Sis, your evil energies are shining ever more radiantly today…
Shut up. Are you ready to come clean about who this girl is?
What girl? This is all a dream, right?
Erghh! She {i}just{/i} walked by me! She's pillaging our kitchen right now!
Where'd you even find her!? Is it some sleazy dating site for edgy little creeps like you?
Hey now, that's going a little far! I'm of average height for someone my age!
Is that's really the part you're taking issue with…?
Besides, didn't I already introduce you two?
Yeah, Beepy or whatever..
She's not, like, {i}actually{/i} a demon of sloth, right? Did you pay her to play out your sick-minded roleplay or something?
I-It's not a roleplay! She's actually a demon!
Rrgh… I hate to admit it, but…
...I might have to believe you.
...Really?
This was weird. My sister had always been skeptical of my dark magic.
Usually she'd just dismiss it as some kind of dorky LARPing thing; she never understood before, so why start now?
...I mean, I considered other explanations, but I really can't believe them either.
Like… she can't be your cosplayer girlfriend, for one.
W-What!? {b}Girlfriend?{/b}
Yeah, you don't really have the charisma for that. Or the personality. Or, well, anything that a girl would want.
Th-Thanks for the vote of confidence, sis.
Heheh. I call it like it is~
Stupid Yumi. Always teasing me like this.
The worst part is that she possesses a demon lord’s blood inside of her. By sorceror law, I can't bring harm to her.
She is a lucky, utterly oblivious sort. I curse that fact frequently.
...She also has a good foot on me, so if I tried… she could probably throw me pretty far.
Yeah, there's no way you could land a girl as cute as her.
'C-Cute?' She's an extremely powerful demon, you realize.
D-Did I say cute? I mean, ah… um…
J-Joking aside… this demon business is hard to swallow, Makoto.
I guess you're going to tell me you summoned her or some shit.
Actually, yeah, that's exactly it. The altar was in the garage, you saw it.
Oi… Sticking to that story, huh…
I can't believe you. I thought Mom and Dad explicitly told you that bringing evil beings and spirits into our house was off-limits!
What makes you think Beepy's evil, though?
...Excuse me? You keep calling her a demon, right?
Well, yeah, she is, but that doesn't make her evil by default.
You're coming off as a little judgmental there, Yumi.
You brat…!
Yumi grimaced visibly, and I could immediately tell I had the upper hand in this battle of ours.
Alright, let's just assume she's {i}actually{/i} a demon, I guess. I don't believe it, but for the sake of argument...
Devil's advocate, in a nutshell.
Does everything have to be evil Satanic crap with you!? Let me finish!
Uhh, that's not really… Wh-Whatever, okay, so... what?
She's just visiting, right? She should probably go back to her place soon; it's getting dark and I need to cook.
Well, uh, I don't think that would work.
She's technically my familiar, so she would probably have to stay with me.
...What? But there's nowhere she can stay! Mom and Dad would kill me twice over if they knew I let her sleep here!
She can't exactly sleep out on the streets, though…
I mean, I guess I could? Wouldn't be really comfortable, though. A bed would be so much nicer.
Wh-- Beepy!?
Wh-Wh-Where did you come from!?
Heard my name. Juuust eavesdropping.
But yeah, Makoto's right. I could use a place to stay.
I mean, if that's not a problem. I assume you guys aren't, like, crazy fundamentalist Christians, right?
Well, we celebrate Christmas - but otherwise, not… really?
And if you wanna talk crazy, I mean… you've already met my brother, right?
Oh, yeah, don't know how you put up with him. He's a huge dork.
Right!? Finally, somebody says something about it!
You know he never washes that cape, right?
Ohhh, I can tell…
I’m right here!
We know.
We know.
They shared a cheap laugh at my expense - likely the first of many
Besides, capes ventilate themselves anyway, it's not a big deal!
Say, we should probably talk about this over food. You guys wanna order a pizza?
Well, it's probably too late to cook something…
But Makoto has to foot the bill.
Wha-- Why me!?
Well, if your story is that you summoned her and stuff, you should probably take some more responsibility.
Heh! She's got you there, Mister Demon Lord.
I-I have a title, you know…
C'mooon, I'm starving!
Ugh… This is going to blow a huge hole in my wallet.
Heh! This isn't actually so bad…
The three of us moved into the living room...
I want a large Hawaiian pizza! Oh, and {i}extra{/i} pineapple on top!
P-Pineapple on pizza? Wow, you really are a demon, aren't you…?
Is that really the part you're taking issue with, Yumi!?
After some deliberation, we placed the order and bided our time...
...
... ...
... ... ...
Time passes quickly. Surprisingly, Beepy and Yumi get along with each other - even better than it initially seemed.
Though, I’m not thrilled that their relationship hinges on their mutual exasperation…
When we're done eating, we all take seats in the dining room.
Alright, so to recap…
Makoto performed some creepo summoning ritual…
Yes.
...And actually managed to summon a demon.
Seems so.
...And you're still sticking with that story? That you're his 'familiar' or whatever?
I mean… have you seen my tail? Do you wanna touch my horns?
I-I don't think that's appropriate conduct for a first introduction.
It'd answer your questions, though...
None of this is fake, Yumi. How long is it going to be until you accept reality?
You probably think I'm some old man in a mask, trying to scare you off the property.
No! I-It's not like that; I just… it's taking a little to wrap my head around this whole mess, hehe~!
Yumi was acting very strange around Beepy, but I can’t quite put my finger on it...
Perhaps she was still awed by a true demon’s presence? ...I suppose any mortal would react as such.
W-Well… I guess while you're here, you should stay. You can take the sofa if you like.
Ah, sounds great. Thanks a bunch~
And Makoto…
As she turned to face me, her face twisted into a stern glare.
You're gonna work on fixing this whole summoning mess, right?
What? But I need her to--
I'm talking about the crazy summoning crap in the garage! You need to clean that up before Mom and Dad find out!
Seriously, Makoto… Summoning demons while they're on their business trip; if they catch wind of it, you'll get in so much trouble…
...If I were grounded indefinitely, it {i}would{/i} stall my plans for world domination.
I-I'll figure something out. Could you just keep quiet about all this for now?
Hmph. I don't owe you anything, but… whatever.
Just remember: you brought her into this world, so you have to be the one to take her out!
You, uh... Couldn't you word that any other way…?
Understood. I'll find a way to reverse the process.
Thaaaat doesn't sound much better…
After that exchange, silence hung awkwardly over all of us.
It seems I had unwittingly formed a pact with my sister. I would have to resolve this situation in a timely manner.
My progenitors will be absent for some time, so...
I'll have more than enough time to come up with a contingency plan.
Makoto and I both have school tomorrow... We should think of getting to bed.
Hey Beepy, do you want me to grab you a blanket? It gets chilly overnight!
Nah, I can curl up just about anywhere. Thanks for the offer, though.
Heh, no problem! Just-- Just want to make sure you're comfortable while you're here, haha~!
Why is my sister giggling like a lunatic?
Perhaps her fragile mind has already given in? I’m sure it cannot hope to comprehend the forces at play here...
Huh? What'd you say?
Nothing, nothing at all! I, too, must depart to my bed chambers.
...For tomorrow will be the beginning. The beginning of the end. Ufufu~
Aw… I just got here, though…
He's just doing his monologuing thing again - and most of it's gibberish.
Ha. Soon you will come to realize that everything leading up to this point… it is all connected.
With a dramatic flourish of my cape, I vanish like an ebony breeze caught by… by an errant consciousness. Or something.
...Weirdo.
With no one following me, I make a beeline to my room.
Finally, some privacy…
Despite everything, my sanctum remains unsullied. The opportunity arises for me to reflect on events and chart a course for what lies ahead.
What transpired at home so far has only been a distraction from my ultimate goal.
Yes! When daybreak casts its warm glow across the land, everything that I have worked up to… will be laid bare.
I should get to bed that much sooner, then. I grow weary of today and yearn for tomorrow - the dawn of a new day.
...The dawn of a new era, I should say. Ufufu~
Chuckling to myself, I quickly toss my cape, my cloak, and my-- N-No, not my undergarments.
Even for someone with as black a soul as mine, that would be entirely too lewd.
Yes… tomorrow, I shall exact my revenge upon that cursed being.
The false idol that claimed ultimate authority… I shall strike her down and claim both her throne and her title.
Yeah, that's gonna be real… {i}neato…{/i}
Fatigue overcomes me as I collapse onto the bed.
Beepy’s faint, lingering scent hits me as my head presses against the pillow.
Like lavender and jasmine. Gentle and relaxing.
It's a nice feeling. Disarming, even. I feel myself getting drowsy…
Safe in my own domain, I drift to sleep…
...
... …
... … …
...?
It's still dark. Yet I'm stirred awake.
Usually I'm a heavy sleeper. Even the excitement of the coming day wouldn't keep me from getting an even eight hours of sleep.
But I had a feeling - no, it was more than that.
Why does it smell so nice in here? Like… {i}really{/i} nice. It's a smell that could relax you so thoroughly, so completely…
So much so that you may never wish to get up again - but a feeling of paranoia overrode it.
As my senses clicked into place, I could feel something more.
It was close… it was very, {i}very{/i} close.
...Nn…
Huh...!?
Dread washing over me, I turned my head to the left…
My eyes had already adjusted to the dark. I could make out the outline…
...Beepy!?
...Mornin’...
Wh-What are you doing here!? How did you get in here!?
Used the door…
...S'comfy 'n' warm... 
She was curled up like a cat! And her body was pressing against mine! It was… she was so warm…!
Th-This bed can't fit two people! What are you thinking!?
Eh… made it work..
Could you keep it down…? People are tryin' to sleep…
Get out. {b}Get out!{/b}
Mmm… naaah. Way better than the sofa.
Rgh, grr…
I tried to shove her off the bed, but she's way too heavy.
...Augh! She's scooching even closer!
Go to bed Makotooo… it'll be fine…
Wha--!
Her tail playfully settled across my chest! She’s toying with me!
Her hands rhythmically tensed and loosed against the bed sheets. It seemed like an odd habit, but… it looked relaxing.
The smell of lavender and jasmine wafted up once more. It was difficult to stay mad at this ungodly hour.
Though the bed was made for one, both of us almost fit. My eyes fluttering, I felt my resolve wither away.
Grr… just one night. No more.
Won't happen again~
...Why did it sound like she was taunting me just then? I’ve got a bad feeling about this.
The situation being largely out of my control, I decided to live and let live. Drifting back to sleep as best I could…
For a while, I could feel the rhythmic rise and fall of her chest as she slept. For whatever reason, the sensation was calming.
...Yumi absolutely {i}cannot{/i} find out about this. Under no circumstance!
...
... …
... … …
I can see the sunlight flooding into my room as my eyes creak open.
It’s hard to believe a new day had arisen, but by some miracle of the cosmos, I’m awake.
Everything that happened yesterday still feels like some crazy dream… or a ghastly nightmare - whichever sounds more appropriate.
But right now, in this moment, I recognize that I’m here; and that’s all that really matters.
...Which unfortunately means I have more pressing, earthly matters to attend to as well.
Well, I guess I should get ready…
I rise up and give the day my dark blessings, but then…
Mmn...
H-Huh!?
My arm remains stuck in place, as if some demonic force is keeping me locked to my bed.
In that instant, I look to my side and remember the fiend that had snuck into my bed late last night - one who refused to leave no matter what I tried.
My face grows pale, and I am left with a dreadful realization:
This is no dream. This is all real. Satan actually heeded my call and left me in the care of this…
Well, I’m not sure if Beepy even counts as a terrifying demon. She hasn’t even done anything yet.
But still, a demon should know their place in the presence of a demon lord.
Using all the strength I can muster, I manage to wrestle my arm away - but the force of my pushing ends up sending her off the bed.
WHUMP!
I’m too busy catching my breath to even ask if she’s alright, but it doesn’t take long before she manages to sit up.
Mm… Morning already…?
As lethargic in the morning as she is any other time of day… If I had actually sold my soul for this, I’d be demanding it back right about now.
She eventually looks at me and gives me a lazy - if earnest - smile.
Mornin’. Did you sleep well last night?
Wh-Wha--?
I stared at Beepy in bewilderment. Why was she being so nice all of a sudden?
...And more importantly, how come she was still referring to me by a name that’s dead to time?
I-I told you not to call me Makoto! You are to address me as--
Yeah, yeah, Savvy Woof, I heard you the first time…
She dares treat my title as some kind of joke! Such insolence will have to be dealt with in due time.
Not in the mood to deal with her, I give my alarm clock a cursory glance to read the time…
W-Wait, 7:15!?
Oh crap! I overslept!
I immediately try to jolt out of bed and over to my closet, when another overwhelming force keeps me glued to my bed.
I turn back around to see…
Hey… don’t go.
Stay here… The bed feels so nice.
You don’t have anything important to do anyways, right…?
H-Huh…?
I can feel my cheeks flushing. She’s awfully insistent about me staying in bed with her.
I thought she was just a lazy freeloader, but who knew she was also a temptress?
My thoughts come to a halt, leaving me unsure of what to do…
...Then I glance at my alarm clock. It’s 7:16 now.
I-I {i}do{/i} have important matters to take care of! I have no time to entertain you!
I yank myself away from Beepy and race over to the closet, pulling together my school uniform as fast as I can.
Oh well… It was worth a shot, I suppose.
Her half-hearted comment is lost on me as I continue to scramble into some decent clothes.
God, I thought I set my alarm for 7:00 last night! Why didn’t it go off!?
...Oh, that?
I turned it off.
Y-You {b}What!?{/b}
I don’t like to be woken up by loud noises… I don’t even like the {i}thought{/i} of being woken up by one, honestly.
It keeps you from enjoying a good night’s sleep, you know?
Is sleeping the only thing she’s good for!? She’s more useless than I thought!
But what’s so important out there, anyways? You could just stay here and forget about all that.
Th-That’s none of your concern, just…
Your charms won’t work on me this time, o’ master of sloth! I finish straightening out my uniform and point a finger at Beepy.
A demonic servant should not worry themselves over their master’s whereabouts! You shall stay here while I depart to take care of my dark dealings!
Are you doing that dumb demon lord thing aga--
{b}Silence!{/b}
I shall take my leave of you. Do not sully the estate while I am away!
In a haste, I hurry out of my room and head towards the living room.
I still can’t believe I’ve been saddled with such a useless layabout… What was Satan even thinking!?
She was probably too busy thinking of a good way to infuriate me to give decent help.
Well, that’s just fine! A being such as I - who has seen the beginning and end of all things - hardly needs help anyways.
I already know how today is going to go; now all I have to do is see it through.
I prepare a dastardly breakfast of cereal and toast, then make my way to the table only to find…
...Her. {i}Again.{/i}
I suppose if I remember everything from last night, then she must remember it too.
You’re late.
Oh, um… a-a dark presence caused me to sleep in a little, that’s all!
Mhm. Sure.
I sit down and silently begin to eat, with a little more speed than usual.
Yumi hasn’t stopped staring at me this whole time… The tension is more hazardous than Ragnarok itself.
So, what’s your plan now?
Huh?
W-Well, that’s obvious! I’ll take my leave to my earthly prison as per usual, and study the mortals in earnest so that I--
I mean about that weird demon girl you summoned last night.
So she remembers after all… And she’s still exhibiting fear over a slug-like being to boot.
Aha! Well…
You needn’t concern yourself with her! She is far more negligent than I had pegged her for!
I doubt she has the power to destroy everything around her even if she wanted to!
That still doesn’t make me want to keep her here, you know!
Do you know how much sleep I lost last night worrying about what she might do!?
What if she brings in more weird demons? Our house is gonna become a literal hellhole!
T-Take it easy! I’ll try to do something about this after school today, I swear!
Humph! You’d better.
The rest of breakfast is dead silent after that. I can’t even muster up a diabolical retort.
She is right about Beepy, though. Someone like her doesn’t deserve to stand by my side as I conquer the world.
I’ll have to summon Satan again after school and convince her to take her back; that’s all I can do to resolve this.
I finish up breakfast faster than a hellhound before departing for school.
Usually, today would be like any other: I would leave my dark abode to challenge the world once again, looking down at the scurrying plebeians.
But today is an exceptional day - one brought about by the stars’ alignment, so that I can assert my dominance at long last.
...Or it would be if I was more confident in what I had unleashed upon the world.
A demon who sleeps all the time isn’t going to strike fear into the hearts of men anytime soon…
So it is important now more than ever that I begin my training.
Perhaps I shall forget all pretense and convince the world that I have unlocked unimaginable power.
‘Tremble before me, mundanes! I have arrived to bring about a new world order!’
...Nah, that’s too bold. Maybe I should wrap myself in mystery and only reveal my hand when the time is right…?
‘If you wish to know the extent of your foolishness, then pay close attention. The last bell of the day will be the one that signifies anarchy!’
...No, that’s not right either.
Summoning a demon should make me feel like nothing’s impossible for me now, so what’s wrong?
Why do I still feel weak? What is preventing me from realizing my full potential and bringing the world to its knees?
...And why do I feel a heavier burden than usual this morning?
...Eh, it’s probably nothing.
...
... ...
... ... ...
Akumahou High School - a modern-day prison that traps and contains the darkness I have grown so fond of.
Within these bland, uninviting borders, I am nothing more than an average high-schooler, carrying out the most mundane of business.
Every single student is indistinguishable from the rest, like a pack of ghosts on their way to the netherrealm.
There’s no joy to be found here - just a cold and uncaring society that has no tolerance for the old ways.
But the day has come where I shed off those shackles at long last! There’s no need to doubt myself now.
My power has grown ever stronger since I first started coming here… and now is the time to reveal my magic to the world.
And yet… something is amiss.
I’ve only gotten halfway across the school courtyard and I’m already exhausted.
This hasn’t happened before… Did last night’s summoning drain more of my power than I realized?
No, it can’t be. I feel perfectly fine - if a little heavier than usual.
Could it be my backpack, maybe?
Probably not.
{b}What the--!?{/b}
I immediately turn around to confront the fool who dares speak to me at this dreadful hour.
But no one is there. In fact, no one has bothered to approach me at all.
Meanwhile, the weight in my backpack is still there… Something’s {i}definitely{/i} wrong.
I take it off for a brief moment. I unzip it slightly and gingerly put my hand inside, and that’s when I realize…
Something’s in there that wasn’t before. Something soft, and… {i}squishy?{/i}
Snrk… h-hehehe~ That tickles…
...Are you shitting me?
I quickly unzip the entire backpack and peer inside, only to find…
Hey, close the bag… The sun’s hurting my eyes.
{b}B-Beepy!?{/b} What are you doing in there!?
...What, this?
It’s no big deal. Bag’s big enough that I can squeeze in no problem.
You really didn’t bring a whole lot of stuff, so I was able to--
That is not what I mean! You defied my orders!
I explicitly told you to stay at home! Yet here you are, aboard my backpack like it’s a ferry upon the River Styx!
Okay, first of all, you never said ‘stay home;’ you only said ‘stay here.’
And right here is where I wanna be.
Second of all, I’m still not taking any orders from you.
Y-Yeah, but…
The mortals are beginning to stare at me. My plan to expose this new power is already in shambles!
J-Just stay in there for now! If people see you, you’re gonna cause a scene.
No I won’t. No one else will be able to see me.
I’ll use cloaking magic to shroud my presence. It should prevent anyone from interacting with me - and better yet, it lets me sleep in public.
I won’t be seen unless someone’s also come in contact with a demon - but that’s unlikely.
Still, I can’t risk having you seen by anyone else! Especially not--
{b}Ooh-hohohohoho~!!!{/b}
At that moment, an all-too familiar laugh pierces the air.
I immediately bring my head up towards the source, dreading it all the while...
And that’s when I see… that person.
Like a ballad composed by stars dancing across the universe, I have arrived once again!
Yet all I see around me is perverse ugliness that threatens to taint my otherworldly beauty!
Away with you all! Your miserable lives are infinitesimal compared to Countess Elizabeth, the Everlasting Matriarch of the Forgotten Realms!
I didn’t think I’d have to face her so soon this morning, but… there she is.
That condescending witch has been my rival for what seems like an eternity.
Compared to myself, she prefers to spin yarns of her gorgeous appearance and spice up her words with flowery language.
Truly, she is a fool of the highest caliber…
...And yet, there is something different about her.
She has never been one to so openly belittle everyone around her, only resorting to that when being approached by another imprudent soul.
So what has changed?
Surely, she couldn’t have--
Hey… who’s that girl? She’s almost as loud as you are…
I forgot I still have Beepy to deal with, too. Why now!? No one should have to know about this leech attached to my person, especially not--
Oh shit, she’s spotted me. I fly into a panic.
Sh-Shut up!
I immediately zip up my backpack and throw it back over my shoulder, hiding Beepy’s presence from the world once again.
And at last… my rival and I face one another yet again.
I thought I sensed an unruly being prowling about my purview this morning - but it was only you.
I must say I am surprised to see you still alive, Sebastian Wolfgang IV. I’d have thought the ritual would have torn you asunder.
But what’s this, I see? Has the realization of your weakness compared to my infinite power finally dawned on you?
It’s not too late to surrender yourself to me, you know. Being my faithful lapdog is a far better fate than being reduced to ashes.
Dammit, she caught me out of character! I need to counter, fast!
I clear my throat and flash a wicked grin at her. She’ll rue the day she decided to insult me.
Having my existence erased from the world is far preferable to enduring an eternity of torturous servitude to you…
...Countess Elizabeth.
{i}Ugh,{/i} will you get it right already!?
Huh?!
I’ve told you time and time again to call me by my full title: Countess Elizabeth, the Everlasting Matriarch of the Forgotten Realms!
It feels so wrong when you shorten it like that! It’s like ordering pizza without any cheese!
What are you getting mad at me for!? {i}You’re{/i} the one who came up with that absurd name in the first place!
I don’t {i}care{/i} how long it is! You have to say the full title always - no exceptions!
Our squabble's not unnoticed by the worms around us.
They must think it ironic that we - bitter enemies that have been locked in battle for eons - are now arguing like an old married couple.
Regardless, my rival sighs and continues her monologue.
I suppose one as foolhardy as you would not care for the subtle nuances of my existence.
Yet today is a particularly auspicious day, so I am willing to overlook your slight… just this once.
You do remember our wager from our last meeting, do you not?
I can feel a lump enter my throat. This is the moment…!
O-Of course I do! The first person to prove their mastery of the dark arts is the one that will lay claim to this earthly prison!
Correct! It seems even a cretin like you can remember that much.
But I have reached heights that you cannot compare to! For you see, I have performed an ancient and powerful ritual from centuries ago…
A demon summoning!
My hair immediately stands on end. Did she know about my plans all along, or has she always been one step ahead of me!?
D-Demon summoning?
Why the sudden hesitation, dear Sebastian? You should be celebrating your inevitable defeat.
For my incantations have proved more successful than I realized, and now I command a demon’s absolute power!
She-- She’s joking, right? If it’s anything like my summoning, she must be stuck with a worthless demon like I am right now…
...Yeah, this has to be a bluff.
I can feel confidence surge through me as I challenge her claim.
Is that so? Then prove it!
Show me this demon of yours so that I may smite them!
If you insist~
Come hither, my faithful servant! Make your presence known and vanquish this abominable fool!
I brace myself for this demon of hers to arrive, wondering what form it will take…
...Yet I don’t see it.
Within seconds, I begin doubting its existence.
My rival must realize this as well, as she repeats her chant.
{i}I said,{/i} ‘Come hither, my faithful servant! Make your presence known and--’
Yes, yes, I’m coming~! {i}Sooo{/i} sorry about the wait, it takes forever to look presentable, you know!
Wait… that voice!
An uncomfortable dread wells up within my gut. As soon as my rival finishes her chant for a second time…
...she appears.
I’m the one who inspires others to ridicule your taste in games and anime!
I’m the one that makes you feel the intense frustration of a failed job interview!
And who could forget all those moments where someone uses the bathroom and they make a complete mess out of it!? Isn’t that just maddening~!?
Yes, it’s all thanks to me, the master of wrath, the world’s original idol, the one and only--
{b}Oh my God, {i}stop!{/i}{/b}
In an instant, the demon’s introduction was brought to a halt.
Why, sweetie, whatever is the matter?
What in the hell do you think you’re doing!?
A very good question~! But since we’re not {i}in{/i} Hell right now, I dunno if I can provide a good answer!
{i}Ugh{/i}, shut up and listen to me!
Why aren’t you doing what we rehearsed!? You’re messing everything up!
My aesthetic should always be likened to the infinite mysteries of the universe, as I cloak myself in an ethereal cape of enchantment!
It should never look like that pop trash you just pulled off!
Oh come on now, don’t be so uppity! I’m only making a good first impression for the students at Akuma--
*Gasp* Omigosh, I just noticed they named the place after me! That is {i}so sweet{/i} of them~!
You didn’t tell me that even the youth of today still appreciate me!
{b}Will you shut up already!?{/b}
...I can’t even believe what I’m seeing right now.
Satan, the master of all demons and the one I summoned last night… is taking orders from my rival!?
Why the hell is she with her and not me!? I was the one who summoned her first!
I put my foot down and point directly at Satan.
Hey! What the hell’s going on!? Why are {i}you{/i} here?
H-Huh!?
Oh, if it isn’t Makoto~! Long time no see!
If I had known that {i}you{/i} were going to be here, I would have put on an extra-special performance just for you~!
Wait, time-out! You know her!?
Yeah, I do! She’s that stupid Satan that I summoned last night!
You {b}{i}what?{/b}{/i}
Um, it’s S⛧Tan, dear. Don’t forget the pentagram, either.
Whatever. Look. Why are you with {i}her{/i} of all people! I thought you had an image to maintain!?
Well, of {i}course{/i} I do, sweetie! It’s true that I can’t be seen with boys…
In a flash, Satan grabs my rival’s waist and pulls her close, then presses their faces together.
But {i}no one{/i} said I couldn’t be seen with a girl~!
Nobody will suspect a thing, and I can have dear little Misaki all to myself!
Just think of all the steamy, sinful fun we can have together~!
G-Get off me!
My rival shoves Satan away and points straight at her.
And I told you to {i}never{/i} call me by that name! You must address me as--
Yes, yes, ‘Countess Elizabeth, the Everlasting Matriarch of the Forgotten Realms.’ I remember.
Honestly, you really should be less of a stickler for that title.
Which reminds me! How’s that demon I gave you working out, Makoto?
H-Huh!?
What demon? What are you talking about!?
Oh, didn’t I tell you? Little Makoto here also happened to be a very lucky summoner, just like you!
So I gave him a demon of his very own, free of charge~! At least, for a good month or so.
You have gotta be--
Where is she, anyway?
Oh Beeeepyyyyyy~!
I hear my backpack unzipping, and the burden on my back is relieved at last.
But a different kind of weight immediately replaces it…
Keep it down… I’m right here.
{b}Ack!{/b}
{b}What the--!?{/b}
Oh, {i}there{/i} you are~! I see you’re adjusting well!
But you really should find a better place to nap. Sleeping while curled up like that is gonna be murder on your posture!
You’re not my mom. I’ll sleep wherever I want.
While the two demons are preoccupied with their own commotion, my rival’s face grows paler and paler.
Wha… Wha…
{b}What is this!?{/b}
Only I know what kind of unholy fury has been unleashed onto the world now.
Misaki pulls me aside to give me a piece of her mind. She always gets like this when things don’t pan out exactly as she expected them to.
Still, I figure I might as well have some fun with this - if she’ll let me, anyways.
Ah, how the tables have turned, Countess Elizabeth. Whatever happened to that swagger of yours?
You must have realized what a mistake it was to challenge my authority as the rightful ruler of this decrepit institution.
But no matter. I will enjoy taking my time rearranging the cosmos and erasing every last trace of your--
This is {i}so{/i} unfair!
I was the one who was supposed to get a free demon! How come you got one too!?
Well, that didn’t last long.
D-Don’t ask me! How was I supposed to know I’d get a free demon out of all this?!
And why are {i}you{/i} so upset?! You’ve got freakin’ {b}Satan{/b} on your side!
Yeah, well all {i}she’s{/i} good for is driving me up the wall!
And guess what? {b}It’s working!{/b}
Sounds like my problem with Beepy, admittedly.
You’d better give me a good reason for this!
My rival impatiently turns toward Satan, her wrath boiling over into a demonic inferno.
O-Oh… um…
Just tell them already.
Ihihihihi... {i}Welllll,{/i} how do I put this…
B-By some miracle of the cosmos, you and Makoto over there happened to perform a demon summoning at roughly the same time.
Both of you had worked {i}oh so hard{/i} on your rituals, and I couldn’t bear to spoil just one of you and leave the other with nothing…
So I decided that both of you will share the honor of being the Hell Hotline’s 666,666th customer!
Congratulations to the both of you! It’s not every day a miracle like this happens, you know!
Are-- Are you {i}kidding me{/i}!?
So that was the reason? We just happened to perform the same ritual at the same time?
That doesn’t even seem possible, but I guess I shouldn’t be surprised at this point.
Well… looks like our fates have intertwined after all.
Believe me, I’m just as shocked as you are that we must dance to this cruel tune.
Th-This isn’t over! I refuse to let it end like this!
I just need to decide on a new way to settle this…
My rival closes her eyes and thinks, reaching deep into her infinite expanse of knowledge to come up with a suitable challenge…
...And then, it hits her.
Hehe… Hehehehahaha. {b}Hahahahahahaha!{/b}
Yes… I know exactly how to settle this!
Normally I should be worried, but for some reason… I’m excited for what she has in store.
Well, don’t keep me waiting, my eternal enemy. Show your hand!
Gladly.
She extends a hand towards me as if to place a curse upon me, then announces her terms.
We shall settle this with a climactic duel!
In just 48 Earth hours, we will gather on the rooftop of this institution and engage in mortal combat!
Only after one of us falters to a deadly fatality will we be able to decide a suitable ruler for this realm!
Of course, we shall also bring our demonic servants into the fold as well!
Oooh, a death battle~! Count me in, sweetie! I’ve been aching to give this body a good workout~!
Nothing gets the blood pumping more than a brutal, gruesome fight to the death!
You’re excited too, right Beepy!?
Mmn… I guess.
Why are you so excited, though? Should an {i}idol{/i} really like something so violent…?
Well, Beepy dearest, if there’s one thing people like more than idols, it’s bloody free-for-alls!
I mean, just look at me! I can make lovely idols and blood splatters go together like water and oil!
...Those don’t go together at all. You’d just be making a mess.
Yeah, but it’ll be a {i}beautiful{/i} mess, and that’s what counts~!
A duel, is it? Very well then.
This will be the perfect opportunity for me to assert my dominance once and for all!
Brace yourself, Countess Elizabeth, the Everlasting Matriarch of the Forgotten Realms…
For I will make sure your bones serve as the foundation for the throne from which I will dominate the universe!
Oho, don’t be so sure, Sebastian Wolfgang IV, for it is {i}you{/i} who will be utterly decimated!
I will bestow my beauty upon everything I see, and win the everlasting devotion of all creation!
We shake hands on the arrangement, and the date is set in stone.
Finally, a chance for me to exterminate my bitter rival from history! The opportunity could not have been sweeter!
Now I have the chance to prove once and for all that I deserve my rightful place as ruler over all things!
No one will be able to see it coming… Not the worthless peons surrounding us - and especially not my rival herself!
Satisfied with the plans, I turn towards Beepy.
Come, Belphegor of Sloth! We must begin our training immediately!
I told you to call me Beepy…
Oblivious to her demands, I march forward into the school, ready to start training in earnest.
...
... ...
... ... ...
And with the bell's toll, the day begins in earnest.
The first step of my training is to survive another arduous day in this circle of Hell.
It seems I am to temporarily set aside any plans for world domination and endure hours upon hours of monotonous lectures and assignments.
The task itself is not difficult; all that is required of me is that I pay attention and take notes, as any diligent lord of darkness should.
But the hard part lies in the aggravating tedium that comes from listening to every lecture.
It’s enough to have my soul leave my body - and the subjects they cover aren’t even enjoyable in the first place.
The first class is English, in which we are subjected to an archaic dialect that is still being used by most of the known world.
Not even the denizens of Hell should sit through a class that teaches a broken and absurd language.
Next comes Mathematics, where we exhaust every possible avenue to quantify life itself through numbers.
It must be some kind of cruel cosmic joke that such a complex course comes right after English.
After that comes the moment of relief: a brief lunch period followed by study hall.
It is here that I study material covered in class for future assignments and tests.
But the thought of settling things with my rival still won’t leave my head…
I’m so lost in concentration that I don’t even notice Beepy resting her head on my desk.
Hey, Makoto.
{b}Daagh!{/b}
I reflexively jump out of my seat as soon as Beepy speaks to me.
But all my sudden outburst does is attract an annoyed stare from every mortal in the room.
Their eyes pierce me like daggers… Best to not make more of a scene.
A-Ahahaha, s-sorry~!
I sheepishly return to my seat while the other students return to their studying.
The embarrassment on my face is palpable; it burns hotter than the hottest flames in the Underworld.
I’ll have to teach my impertinent servant what happens when you interrupt a hard-working demon overlord.
What do you think you’re doing, Beepy!? You almost sent me to the afterlife just now!
Chill, dude... I just wanted to ask you something.
Oh, {i}now{/i} you want to ask me something?
All you’ve been doing is sleeping through every class, so why the change of heart?
I already know all the material covered… so there’s no point in staying up anyway.
...Is this a bad time? You look pretty stressed out…
N-No, I just…
I wouldn’t have been so stressed out if you hadn’t scared me half to death and embarrassed me in front of the entire student body!
Honestly, I’m surprised you even want to talk, considering you didn’t answer any of my questions last time.
But, if it’ll get you to get off my back for awhile…
*Sigh* Fine. What is it?
Well… I was just wondering…
What’s the deal with that Misaki girl?
You mean my most hated rival, Countess Elizabeth, the Everlasting--
No. I mean Misaki.
Can you please just say a name that’s normal for once?
I knew it was a bad idea to indulge her.
Regardless, she deserves to know just as much as I do - even if she won’t be of much use in our upcoming duel.
W-Well, if you must know… she has been interfering with me ever since the start of the school year.
I had an idea that was going to establish my place among the others, but before I knew it…
...She got in my way.
I must say, not only am I surprised to see anyone submit an application for an ‘Occult Club’ of all things…
But to have {i}two{/i} students submitting a similar application… Well, it’s quite a surprise.
So then… what seems to be the problem here?
It’s obvious, sir. I had arranged for my devilish machinations to supplant themselves within this facility...
That is, until this witch came along and sought to challenge my birthright.
Th-That’s a lie! Don’t believe his honeyed words! He’s a devious trickster at heart!
I had long ago planned for my own kingdom to become reality, when this {i}worthless troglodyte{/i} stole the opportunity from beneath me!
Who are you calling a troglodyte!?
Shall I call you a buffoon instead!?
Alright, that’s enough!
Honestly, the way you kids talk makes me think this place is becoming Hell on Earth…
Listen, we have no way of knowing who submitted which application…
So the best advice I can give you two is to talk things out.
Find out your strengths and weaknesses. Figure out who can cover what responsibilities.
And hopefully, you two can come to a better understanding of who’s more suited to run it.
A simple enough task, but that woman had to make things complicated…
Obviously it’s {i}me{/i} whose suited to run this club, not you!
Your lack of knowledge and presence in the astral plane is an embarrassment to dark mages everywhere!
Is that so!? Will all the knowledge in the world help you when Armageddon knocks at your door!?
This club requires one who can bend the universe to his will and obliterate his enemies without a second thought!
It does not need the leadership of a pathetic stargazer such as yourself!
You {i}insolent fool{/i}! Do you wish to suffer eternal damnation beyond the end of time itself!?
A fate like that is {i}beyond{/i} preferable to surrendering my destiny to the likes of you!
Humph! Stubbornness like that won’t help you realize the error of your ways.
Perhaps it would be better to show you how easily I can bend the tapestry of life to my will.
What exactly are you implying, you audacious fraud!?
You may claim you know all there is to know about the dark arts…
But until you can prove your mastery to me, you have no right to run this club!
You have exactly 72 Earth hours. Don’t disappoint me.
A-Are you serious!?
...W-Well, fine then!
I’ll cast a spell so powerful and terrifying, you’ll have no choice but to kneel before me!
Don’t count on it, for it is {i}you{/i} who will recognize your rightful place at my side soon enough!
And that was how it all started.
I decided to impress her beyond belief by summoning a demon into our world, but…
Evidently, she must have had the same idea.
That’s it? That’s more petty than I thought.
Though, I guess I’m not surprised… People your age tend to do stuff like this for really stupid reasons.
I was so close to defeating her and establishing my own Inner Hell… but she’s one step ahead of me!
Damn her… She’s not going down without a fight, that’s for sure.
Beepy’s eyes roam the classroom in disinterest, until she finally looks back to me.
Hey... Wanna know what I think?
Huh…?
I think you like each other.
{b}What!?{/b}
I can just barely keep myself from screaming it. Does she even know what she’s suggesting!?
What are you {i}saying!?{/i} There is {i}no way{/i} I could {i}ever{/i} get along with her!
Have you even {i}seen{/i} how we interact!? We argue more than Agni and Rudra!
Looks more like flirting to me, honestly.
Though, I guess if you can flirt with someone as cute as that, then you must be doing something right.
She is {i}not{/i} cute! She is an eldritch abomination that should have been purged a millenia ago!
Jeez. Is this how you react when someone gives you attention?
At least you have a friend at all, man. I’d say that’s a good thing, since you don’t even talk to anyone else.
Wh-Who needs friends? Such mundane concepts are beneath a master of accursed magic and--
{i}Ugggggh{/i}... you’re impossible.
All I’m saying is maybe if you acted like less of a weirdo, people would be more willing to talk with you.
I mean, I’m no social butterfly either, but… it’s kinda sad that you’re not bothering to interact with anyone else.
Just drop that whole ‘dark lord’ schtick and be normal for a change.
...Then everyone would really ignore me.
There’s nothing even remotely special about the real me. My connection to the shadow realm is all I have.
Without that, I’m just a plain and boring high-schooler, same as anyone else. No one would give someone like me the time of day.
I would much rather be known as a lord of thunder than just another face in the yearbook.
And if that means I have to go without making ‘friends,’ then so be it.
Now if you don’t mind, I’d like to get back to my studies.
I cut off conversation with Beepy and resume taking notes.
The silence should help me concentrate, but my mind keeps wandering back to our discussion from mere moments ago.
All that talk did was remind me how worthless I am.
Without my title, all I am is a pathetic, worthless being who will be forgotten as soon as I pass on to the next life.
How could anyone accept such mediocrity?
Well, I won’t simply fade into the ether. I’ll use my dark powers to change the world and etch my name into history!
I am Sebastian Wolfgang IV, and no one will stop me from claiming my rightful place as--
Hey, Makoto.
Wh-What?
You think anyone’s looking at you funny for talking to yourself?
...
I’ll just pretend I didn’t hear that.
Several minutes pass without either of us saying a word to each other.
I’m concentrating harder than ever on my notes, while Beepy stares out the window, bored out of her mind.
And before I know it…
*RING!*
The bell sounds, signaling the end of study hall.
I let out a sigh of relief, having managed to cram in all I can in the nick of time.
I’m about to pack up and head to the next class when Beepy approaches me.
Well, I think I’ll head home.
Wait, you’re going already?
Uh… yeah?
You don’t want me around anyways, so it’s fine, right?
I-I never said anything like that…
Trust me, you were probably thinking something like…
’Away with you, oh slothy being of slothiness, lest ye get blasted into a million pieces by my death beam!’’
Besides, the bed at home is comfier than your backpack.
...You’re only realizing that {i}now{/i}?
Yeah, I don’t want to admit it, but… Satan was right.
I’m starting to get cramps all over…
So you’ll worry about that, but not the strain on my back? Your priorities sure are something else…
You sure you don’t need me for anything else, though?
Oh, uh… N-Not really, I was just surprised you were taking off so soon.
You can head back if you want, though.
‘Kay. Guess I’ll see you when you get home…
...Assuming I remember where your house is… Eh, it’ll probably be fine.
With a lazy wave, Beepy slowly trudges out of the classroom.
I can’t help but watch her leave… Is it really alright for me to let her go on her way?
...Well, whatever. She can probably make her way back just fine, assuming I don’t find her sleeping in a trash can or anything.
The day has yet to end for me, however, and now is the time for me to finish my business in this dimensional pocket.
For my next class, we take a look at scriptures retrieved from the ancient past in World History.
There’s hardly anything about how the conjurors of the past would carry out their rituals; it would be more exciting to learn about than some dumb crusades.
Of course, it would {i}also{/i} be too much for their fragile, mortal minds to comprehend…
And finally, the last class to wrap up the day is Science - a completely worthless one by all accounts.
I had suggested we study the history and practice of alchemy instead, but the teacher grew more stone-faced than a Nurikabe.
So now, I simply study in earnest, as I would in any other course.
No one bothers to approach me, but this is fine. I don’t have much interest in interacting with these lower lifeforms anyway.
But while I’m diligently studying, my mind keeps wandering back to yesterday…
Honestly, it’s still hard for me to believe any of that actually happened.
Summoning Satan in the flesh is a feat in and of itself, but learning I could get a free demon for a month…
Well, that was an offer that I just couldn’t say no to.
...Until she ended up sticking me with Beepy.
For someone who’s supposed to be an all-powerful demon, she hasn’t done much besides eat and sleep the whole time.
She’s kind of a nag, to boot - like Yumi, but even more intrusive.
I had thought that would be the full extent of my troubles, but…
But imagine my surprise when my rival also managed to summon a demon - and she actually got Satan!
That must have been another method of hers to rile me up - and I fell for it all too easily.
And now, we must settle the score with a climactic battle in just two Earth days.
I can feel the overwhelming odds stacked against me. With Satan in her corner, I don’t think I stand a chance.
But I have to try. No demon lord would admit defeat so easily, and I cannot let her steal that which is rightfully mine.
I must double my efforts and train harder than ever before! By the time my training is complete, they’ll be begging for mercy on judgement day!
*RING!*
The final bell rings, signalling the end of the school day.
With no other commitments, I start to make my way back home.
At last, another tedious and tiresome school day draws to a close.
I feel drained and weary all at once, like Samson without his flowing mane of hair.
Each monotonous day threatens to end my reign of terror before it ever truly begins.
But now… it {i}has{/i} ended, and I have returned to my humble abode.
I am not expecting much of a welcome; my progenitors are still away, and my sister is at odds with me after my summoning ritual.
I’m not even sure if Beepy managed to make it back home. She might be napping somewhere on a street corner for all I know.
Oh well; there’s not much I can do about that.
Better for me to head inside and relax than worry about things beyond my control.
I open the door to my house and exchange my usual greeting.
I'm home.
But as soon as I say that, something completely unexpected happens.
Yay~! Welcome home, Makoto~!
A girl who I've never seen before suddenly latches onto me in fervent excitement.
Or, wait, {i}is{/i} she just a girl? Her skin is a dark shade of blue…
What the--!? Who are you?
{b}Hey!{/b} What do you think you're doing!?
Before I know it, the strange girl is violently pulled away…
...by another, almost identical-looking girl. Only, her skin is a lighter shade of blue…
What are you getting mad at me for!? I was just greeting Makoto like we were supposed to!
You were supposed to wait until {i}after{/i} Beepy told us to introduce ourselves! You weren't paying attention at all, were you!?
Well, why didn't you remind me about it instead of yelling!?
Like I'm gonna spend all my time being your friggin' babysitter!
Who're you calling a baby, you big baby!?
While the twins bicker among themselves, I stand there… I'm not sure what to do.
My bewilderment eventually reaches a critical peak in what could only be described as a moment of existential horror.
Just when things can't get any crazier, yet another mysterious girl enters the picture.
P-please, stop fighting you two! Y-you're making a scene!
She seems to have the situation under control, but once she notices me, she flies into another panic.
{b}Ah!{/b} Wait! Y-Y-You're not supposed to see me either!
I-I, um… j-just pretend you didn't see anything, okay!?
Wait, what!? {i}Who's{/i} not supposed to see you?
Between this flustered girl and the arguing twins, I'm not sure what to make of this situation.
Who are these people? How did they get in my house!?
...Jeez, you guys…
As if to answer my question, Beepy rises from the sofa, groggy as usual, and saunters over to the front door.
The least you could do is behave yourselves...
I-I'm sorry, Beepy! I t-tried my best to keep things under control!
If you wanna blame anyone, blame that little troublemaker over there!
You're more of a troublemaker than I am! You tried to steal that big TV in the living room!
Yeah, but who was the one about to raid the entire fridge until Beepy stopped them!? Oh, right, it's you!
I mean, I only did that because I raided it last night… There isn't much there anyways.
Hold up, wait wait {b}wait!{/b}
I hold my hands up and raise my voice, desperate to have everyone calm down even for a little bit.
It seems to work, but my head is still abuzz with questions.
And right now, my familiar is the only one who can answer them.
Beepy, what is going on here?
Huh? Oh, well…
I found my way home, as you see. It was actually pretty easy once I picked up the house's scent…
It smelled a little bit like that cape of yours… You know, you really should wash that thing sometime.
H-How did you associate that with…
*Sigh*... Nevermind. That's beside the point.
Right, anyways…
Once I made it back here, I realized there wasn't anyone for you to hang out with.
I mean, your sister's an option - but with that lame schtick of yours, I dunno how she can even tolerate you.
I felt there wasn't much of a point in having you be lonely and miserable the whole time...
So I brought a couple of my friends over.
Huh? Y-You can do that?
Why not? You're only bound to me, so having other demons around shouldn't be a problem.
If Satan has issue with it, well… she can stuff it.
...Did she really do all that for me?
The last time I saw her, she didn't seem to concern herself over who I was or how much of the dark arts I've mastered.
But… she does care, doesn't she?
Wow… I-I didn't expect you to go this far, Beepy.
Pretty great, huh? I bet you never knew what I was planning~
My poker face is unbeatable.
...I can't tell if it's {i}really{/i} a poker face or if you're just tired all the time.
Anyways, I should probably introduce you, so…
Who wants to go first?
Ooh, ooh, me me me me! I wanna go first!
No way! We gotta do our intro together, remember?
Yeah, right! There's no way I'm doing an intro with {i}you!{/i} You'll just mess everything up like you always do!
At least my intro is better than that dumb baby crap you came up with!
{b}What did you say!?{/b}
Good God, do these two do anything besides quarrel with each other?
...Alright, this is getting nowhere.
Lucy, you go.
Huh? M-M-Me!?
I-I couldn't! I mean, I'm not ready...
You don't have to do a flashy introduction, just say your name.
N-No, I can't let everyone else down like that!
Besides, h-he deserves a proper introduction from all of us!
...Suit yourself.
Lucy takes a deep breath, as if to steady herself.
Um… I-I am Lucifer of Pride…
No, wait! I wasn't supposed to start like that! L-L-Lemme try again!
I, um… I-I-I'm the one who, uh, m-makes you… p-proud of…
Of… of… of…
{b}{i}Uwaaaaaaaah!{/b}{/i}
I'm so sorry! I forgot all of my lines!
*Sniff* J-Just call me Lucy, okay…?
Well… that could have gone better.
She had a burst of confidence just a second ago, but it fell apart as soon as started talking.
I never expected a demon of pride to falter so easily; then again, I've been blindsided at every turn since the day began.
What's wrong, Lucy? Why are you crying?
Obviously it was because you wouldn't do your intro!
What are you talking about!? {i}You{/i} were the one who wouldn't do {i}your{/i} intro!
Oh yeah!? Just watch! I'll pull off an intro so good that he'll be head-over-heels for me!
Nu-uh~! My intro's gonna be bigger and better than yours!
Before I know it, both of them are assaulting me.
Who makes you steal from the cookie jar!? It's me!
Gimme your food~! Gimme your food~! {i}Gobble, gobble, munch~!{/i}
Who makes you miserly with money!? It's me!
I'm the one who makes you eat~! {i}Crunch, crunch, crunch~!{/i}
Who makes you say ‘charities suck!?' Yep, that's me too!
I'm here for every meal, be it dinner or lunch~!
Hell yeah, Mammon of Greed! That's meeee~!
I'm Beelzebub of Gluttony, the cutest of the bunch~!
The information overload threatens to overtake me!
They make no effort to coordinate their introductions at all, resulting in an unbearable cacophony.
And while I'm trying to prevent a headache from breaking out, the twins start arguing again.
What the hell was that!? Your stupid intro messed everything up!
No it didn't! {i}Your{/i} intro got in the way of {i}mine{/i}! What is your problem, you ultra jerkface!?
I'll tell you what my problem is! She's short, looks like an idiot, and talks just like one!
You just described yourself, you big dummy!
{b}What was that!?{/b}
The chaos in the atmosphere climbs toward its peak.
I have to do something before it erupts like Mt. Pompeii on that fateful day in--
{b}MAKOTO!!!{/b}
{i}Shit.{/i}
Too late. My soul is forfeit now.
Yumi bursts into the room.
{b}What{/b} is going {i}on{/i} down here!? I've been calling you all this time, how have you still...
not… heard... me...?
As soon as Yumi surveys the scene, her rage subsides.
I can see her face growing as pale as a ghost, being constrained by half a dozen conflicting emotions all at once.
I want to tell her what's going on, but… I don't think I can properly explain this either.
Then, as if possessed, she breathlessly speaks to me.
I'm just gonna… leave you alone…
Yumi creeps her way back upstairs.
It takes a long, painful while for Beepy to get the twins to settle down - but soon enough, the excitement dies.
Honestly, all that energy has me worn out to the point of exhaustion.
Still, Beepy {i}did{/i} put in all that effort to bring her friends over, so…
The least I can do is get to know them.
Alright… lemme see if I can get this straight.
You're Lucifer, a demon associated with Pride, otherwise known as Lucy.
Y-Yes, that's right… It's nice to meet you.
I had thought a demon of pride would have been more arrogant, but she's awfully nice for some reason.
I guess you have to be when your self-confidence is as low as her's.
And you two are identical twins.
My eyes survey the light-blue demon.
Let's see, you are… Beelzebub?
I'm {b}Mammon,{/b} you idiot!
R-Right, right, sorry… I'll try to remember next time
Humph! You'd better!
In fact, don't even bother with Mammon. Just call me Mami, got it?
Whatever you say…
She's awfully pushy - completely spoiled, by the sound of it.
I guess it's to be expected from a demon of greed.
So then, that makes {i}you{/i} Beelzebub, right?
Yup yup, that's me, Beelzebub of Gluttony~! But you can just call me Bubble! *Giggle*
Nice to meetcha!
Ah… likewise.
Her cheerfulness is extremely infectious… Perhaps even more-so than the Bubonic Plague.
It's hard to believe the two of them are even identical - especially when they squabble all the time.
And you're Makoto, riiiight~?
I-I am {i}not{/i} Makoto, I…
Who does this little girl think she is, ignoring my demonic heritage!?
Such an outrage will not stand… I must tell her who I really am to strike some fear into her heart!
Feeling my willpower return, I strike a pose and begin my Satanic monologue.
I am Sebastian Wolfgang IV, supreme leader of evil and all-powerful commander of the dark arts!
Hear me, o demons from the underworld, you shall serve as my vassals and grant me the power I need to begin my conquest!
I unleash my inner persona onto the unsuspecting masses, hoping to exude my dominance over them.
...They are not impressed in the slightest.
...Oh my God.
I-It's worse than I thought…
Nyahahaha~! You sure are funny, Makoto!
Not this again…
Wh-What's with that reaction!? This is who I really am!
I'm a dark overlord sent from the furthest reaches of Hell to rule over all the worthless maggots in this realm!
You're a real loser is what you are.
God, lay off already! Do you even know what I'm dealing with right now!?
Actually… we do.
You see, Beepy told us everything that happened this morning…
You were challenged to… a-a "duel" by that other girl, Misaki.
A-And our leader is with her, too…
That stupid Satan… I go to all the trouble to summon her and she ends up helping my rival instead! It's unforgivable!
That's kinda her thing, dude. Making other people mad is what she lives for…
I wouldn't be surprised if that stupid "idol troupe" thing was meant to annoy me specifically.
Y-Yes, well… When we heard about all that, we thought you needed some help against her.
S-So you can count on us! We'll help you in any way we can!
Wait… for real?
Of course! We wouldn't call ourselves Beepy's friends if we couldn't help her out with a pathetic sad-sack like you!
Though if you ask me, it'd be funnier to watch you squirm.
...I'm not sure how much confidence that's supposed to fill me with.
Despite my misgivings, they seem eager to help...
Wait… Could this be what I needed all along?
A legion of demons ready to teach me all the spells and magic that I'll need for my fated showdown… That must be why they're here!
They can impart all the magical knowledge they have onto me, and then I'll be ready to destroy my rival as if crushing an ant underfoot!
This is incredible! I can't possibly think of a better situation to be in right now!
S-So, um… will you let us help you?
Heheheh… what an absurd question. Of course I will.
Your help will be invaluable; I'm confident that this is just what I'll need to show my rival the error of her ways.
So let's get started! This world has just become ripe for the taking!
Uh… yeah. Whatever you say.
Yayyyy~! Big Bro Makoto's gonna let us help!
We have all sorts of neato ideas to try, too~! Let's get started right away~!
Not so fast! Aren't you forgetting something?
Huh? I'm not forgetting anything… I think.
We're supposed to go get supplies first, remember?
'S-Supplies…?'
Oh, yeah, now I remember! We need to go get stuff!
Including food! Lots and lots and {b}lots{/b} of food~!
H-Hold on a minute, what supplies?
O-Oh, um… we need lots of things before we can start helping you out…
Beepy dragged us away so suddenly, we didn't bring a whole lot with us… S-Sorry about that.
I had to act fast, so… I ended up overlooking a few details.
...With all due respect, you are the last person I'd expect to be anywhere near ‘fast.'
But anyways, that's the situation we're in right now. We can't actually help you unless we have all we need, so…
You're gonna have to drive us out to the supermarket. Right now.
Wait, {b}what!?{/b}
I-I'm sorry about this! It's just… you're the only one who'd know this place better than anyone.
Th-That doesn't mean I can take you now!
I don't even have a driver's license! I couldn't drive a car even if I wanted to!
But I wanna go get food!
Food food food! {b}Gimme foooooooood!{/b}
Gah! Alright, already! We'll go!
I just… need to negotiate with my sister about driving us there.
Managing to wrestle myself away from the crowd, I head up the stairs to talk with Yumi.
Never in my millenia-spanning existence did I think I would deign to take my demon servants out to the supermarket, but… so be it.
If it will get me one step closer to realizing my dreams of world domination, then I'll try anything.
I can only hope my sister is willing to take all of us…
When you’re a demon overlord who has powers beyond human comprehension, you expect fervent cooperation from anyone and everyone.
Surely, one would not think to question my motivations when their existence could be erased at the drop of a hat.
But every once in a while, you encounter a loathsome individual who refuses to bend their knee, opting instead to challenge your almighty providence.
And unfortunately for me… my sister is one of those people.
Are you serious, Makoto? Do you think I’d {i}really{/i} take those demons anywhere?
Wh-What’s the big deal? They just want to go to the supermarket and pick up a few things.
Is that all? Are you sure they also don’t want to order some human souls as takeout?
I’m pretty sure. One of them just thinks about food all the time.
You know, like… {i}food{/i} food. No body parts of any sort.
Ugh, jeez. This was exactly what I was afraid of…
I look away from the mess you’ve made for one second, and we already have {i}more{/i} of them to worry about!
How are Mom and Dad gonna react when they find out we’ve let literal demons hang out with us!?
T-Take it easy, Yumi! Beepy’s only gonna be around for a month anyway!
I wouldn’t be surprised if our punishment lasted longer than that.
Can’t you at least take {i}some{/i} responsibility for all this?
O-Of course I will! All I gotta do is keep them in line and help them out with whatever…
And in exchange, they’ll teach me all sorts of dark arts!
...Come again?
That’s what their offer was, and I’d be a fool to not accept it! It’ll be the beginning of a brave new world, one in which I--
Okay, just stop.
I already have enough to worry about and your stupid gimmick isn’t helping.
Erk--!
She’s not budging an inch! Not even my phenomenal cosmic powers are doing anything to change her mind!
I mean, not like that’s ever worked before - but still…!
*Sigh* Look, I don’t get half of what’s going on here. I’m amazed I managed to get a grip on things the first time…
But… you summoned a demon yesterday, and now that demon’s brought other demons with her!
It’s demons here, demons there, demons all over the place! How can I {i}not{/i} be worried?
I-I mean, they haven’t really done anything yet.
I know, but…
*Sigh* Whatever. Maybe I’m overthinking things, I dunno.
Can you at least promise they won’t make a mess of the place?
I, uh… sure! They won’t trash the place!
Somehow, that doesn’t ease my worries…
At this point, Yumi finally picks herself up off the bed and makes her way out of her room.
At the very least, you should introduce me to them so I know what I’m getting into.
But of course! I shall lead the way posthaste!
I lead her back downstairs in a manner similar to how one would use the Bifröst Bridge to reach Asgard.
Once she sees the demons, she recognizes their lack of hostility - but is still a little on edge.
We decide to skip the lengthy introductions this time, opting just to use their titles and nicknames.
I doubt my sister would have appreciated their subtleties anyway…
So just to be clear… you’re {i}not{/i} gonna end up leaving a crater where this house is, right?
Of course not! What kinda guests you takin’ us for!?
Oh, nonono, that’s not what I meant, haha! I-I’m just…
I guess I’ve always associated demons with, like, ‘fire and brimstone, rrrr big evil!’
Brimstone is yucky! It’s really dirty, and it tastes gross!
Ahahaha... R-Right.
It's not like Yumi was wrong, in any case...
I-I’m really sorry about showing up unannounced… W-We can find somewhere else to stay if this is too inconvenient for you!
Oh, you’re fine; don’t worry about it.
Honestly, I’m surprised anyone would wanna hang around my little bro, much less bring more friends to meet him.
You’re pretty familiar with him by now, right?
Oh, we’ve seen how he acts, a-and he’s very, um…
H-How do I put this…?
He’s lame.
Yeah! Super lame-o!
The twins have a laugh at my expense. I’m half a step away from calling Satan and having her take them back.
But we do wanna help him out. He’s got a duel comin’ up, after all.
A duel…?
It is a fated battle between me and my arch-nemesis, the Everlasting Matriarch of the Stars, over the right to claim the school as our own!
Okay, when you say it like that, it makes me assume you’re talking about some made-up person.
D-Don’t you want to at least give me some support here!?
Bro, you’ve got enough weird fantasies already, what’s one more on the pile?
Which reminds me… How are we gonna take all these guys out in public?
I really doubt anyone will just see a demon and act like nothing happened.
Oh, y-you don’t have to worry about us!
We use a special kind of cloaking magic s-so that no one can see us… N-Not normally, anyway.
Certain people who have summoned demons become influenced by their presence, allowing them to see other demons.
It doesn’t happen a whole lot, though, b-because demon summonings have become a lot rarer nowadays…
Wait a second. If that’s true… then how come I can see you guys just fine?
I don’t think I had a hand in that summoning ritual, so I shouldn’t even be seeing you guys right now.
Really? How strange…
Perhaps you’ve had the blood of a demon lord flowing through your veins all along, and seeing demons just comes naturally to you!
That’s {i}fucking{/i} stupid, Makoto.
That’s by far the quickest rebuttal I’ve ever seen.
She may deny it now, but I have faith that Yumi will awaken to her own dark powers in due time…
Hey hey, are we going yet?
We’ve been talking for too long and I’m getting hungry! I wanna go get food right now!
Alright, alright… I guess I don’t have much choice, do I?
But if anyone’s paying for groceries, it’ll be you, Makoto.
What!? Why me!?
Uh, do I {i}need{/i} a reason?
...Good point.
Yay~! C’mon c’mon, let’s go let’s go~!
Without much else to say on the matter, everyone makes their way to the garage - everyone except for Beepy, that is.
You, uh… coming with us?
...Nah. Think I’d rather just lie around here. Bringing those three over was exhausting…
Don’t worry about me… You go have fun with everyone else.
...If you say so.
Strange that Beepy doesn’t want to come with us - especially not after everything that’s happened today.
Well, she’ll be fine so long as she doesn’t sneak into my room again…
But there’s no time for me to go back and examine the locks. Now, I must begin my preparations for what lies ahead.
We’ll be back soon.
Take your time…
With our farewells exchanged, I follow everyone else outside.
Riding in the car always seemed so thrilling when I was younger.
I’m sure that if you had asked my younger self why I liked the feeling so much, he would have been able to give you an answer.
Maybe not one that was {i}detailed,{/i} but an answer nonetheless. Something about how they were {i}fast{/i} or {i}cool,{/i} or how the feeling was {i}thrilling,{/i} or something like that.
I don’t know, really.
To be honest, I don’t even really {i}want{/i} to know. Past me made terrible mistakes. {i}Lord{/i} knew that I wouldn’t want to revisit any of {i}those{/i} memories.
So when I see our old Toyota lying in the middle of the garage, I can’t exactly say that I feel any particular emotion - no nostalgia, no excitement for the trip coming up ahead…
Shotgun!
Just an acknowledgement of its existence more than anything. The simple, plain fact that we once used this vessel travel.
Hey, no fair, sis!
Unfortunately, it seemed the current task was not going to be easy.
Hey, y’snooze y’lose. Big reason why Beepy ain’t with us right now.
Actually, I was pretty sure that Beepy chose to stay behind so she could lay around as per usual - but I don’t dare interrupt.
C’mon, please?
Nuh-uh. I just called dibs. {i}Shotgun.{/i}
But can’t I just--?
Nope! Calling dibs is a divine right and there’s absolutely nothing you can do to get them now that I have them.
But that’s not {i}faiiiiiiirrrrrrrrrr!{/i}
Mammon flashes a toothy grin as Bubble starts begging and clinging to her.
{i}Pleaseeeeeeeeeeeeee?{/i}
Look, can we please just all get in the car already?
My sister calls from inside the car. It was like a sort of demonic aura: I could sense her frustration, even though I couldn’t see her right now..
And although they seemed to be members of the Sins, it was as if my sister was a demonic force more powerful than any of them could ever hope to be.
I was impressed.
I was also afraid.
So I decided to take slow steps across the back of the car to its left side - briefly hoping that my sister would not start it and accidently take me from this mortal plane.
The back door is open. Lucifer is standing by it, looking inside.
I look into the back seat as well. Beelzebub is sitting on the opposite side of the door, still squabbling with her sister.
The seat in front of me - the one next to the door - was empty. Pristine. Comfortable, even.
Less could be said about the spot in the middle.
It was slightly raised compared to the surrounding seats. It was also of a different colour than the others - a grape juice incident from long ago; the memories haunt me to this day.” “The floor below was bumped up, making it so that anyone of a human size could not sit properly, for reasons that no mortal man would ever be allowed to know.
The middle seat.
A circle of Hell that not even Dante would have the courage to enter.
I couldn’t help but loathe the times where I was damned to that cruel fate.
Turning oneself into a human pretzel is truly an interesting skill - but doing it for a long time is painful at best.
Would I have to face this eternal punishment again?
I look away from the back seats, towards Lucifer.
...
I-I’m not sitting there.
I am about to open my mouth to protest before a loud {i}BEEP{/i} explodes from the car.
C’mon, we don’t have all day!
I look at Lucifer, hoping that my expression allows her to understand my plight - to understand how much I don’t want to have to face this seemingly divine retribution.
...
...
Her expression doesn’t change. She looks at me, then at the middle seat.
She looks at me again, her eyes practically begging. I understand her plight. I understand how much she doesn’t want to have to face this torture of Abaddon’s design.
D-Did she just…?
She did, didn’t she…?
I sigh as I slide into place.
...
...
I always like watching the people pass by.
Walking their small little routes, doing their small little duties, and living their small little lives. They all come into view, then leave as quickly as they came.
They interest me, in a way. I have no idea what lives they lead, and it is unlikely that their lives will ever be significant to my own; they--
...still do not fail to pique my attention. As insignificant as they are, as little as they matter to Demon Lord Sebastian Wolfgang IV, it is still interesting to watch them go about their daily lives. It is always fun to guess what they are doing, what they are--
...thinking. Although they are always out of my life the moment they come in, although it is likely I will forget about them mere moments after they leave, I appreciate them all the--
...What {i}is{/i} that noise?
I look around the car, trying to see what would have made that {i}infernal{/i} drone. I see my sister in the driver’s seat, a slight scowl on her face as she navigates the labyrinthine city streets. I see Mammon on the other side, absentmindedly looking out the window and seeing the city. I see Beelzebub, looking through her own window--
And as the window goes down, the facts fall into place. I’ve found my culprit.
What are you {i}doing?{/i}
Juuuuussssttttttttttttt playin’ around!
She presses the button on the door, sending the window downwards again.
Could you please stop doing that?
Why?
It annoys me.
But it's {i}funnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn!{/i}
Somehow, even though I try to avoid them, memories of my more… immature self always seem to come back and haunt me.
Is it?
Yep! I haven’t been in one of these before, so it's fun checking out all the cool things I can do!
...I see.
Joy.
Aren’t you going to get bored of that?
The frustration in her voice is growing by leaps and bounds. It seems as if brother and sister are united at last.
{i}Mayyyyyyyyyybe.{/i} Not right now, though~!
Well, you can do it later if you really wanna; I’m trying to drive here.
{i}Okayyyyyyyy.{/i}
The window closes for a final time as Beelzebub slumps backwards, pouting and crossing her arms. It is almost as if she is a child, throwing a temper tantrum just because she wasn’t able to get her way.
And I suppose I…understand why she would like the windows. They were new. Interesting. Unlike anything she had probably seen before.
And I suppose, thinking about it, I was the same way when I lacked the knowledge and intelligence I have now. I remember playing with the windows just like she had been. I remember being told to stop by everyone else in the car.
...So much for trying to forget. I sigh and lean back, letting my feet drop off the middle seat’s bump.
It was going to be a long pilgrimage...
Eventually, the car stops. The doors open and everyone moves out, eager to get their feet onto solid land again.
The supermarket.
A place of sheer, unadulterated anarchy - a place where mortals trample over one another to get the best deals on their bread and water.
A place where the fat cats indulge in capitalistic greed, preying on the needs of the weary in order to surround themselves with hedonistic pleasures.
It is a place of human fault, but also a place of demonic prevalence.
Regardless, the group in front of me seemed to be enjoying it.
{i}Whooooooaaaahhhhhhhhh!{/i}
So this is the place we're getting our ingredients from?
Yep. This is the supermarket.
So cool!
Lucifer stands away from the rest of the group, looking at the street around her. Her eyes stop, focusing on a shop on the other side. She seems almost fixated in a way. I can’t help but look.
...
The place seems to be an… arts and crafts shop of some sort? I don't quite know what's inside, and I don't quite care either. I turn back to the main group, walking towards them as they continue to look at the store.
So wait, there's… food in there?
Yeah. You take whatever you need from the shelves and then you buy it at the checkout.
Wait, so, people here spend their money on stuff that doesn't stay?
...Yeah? We sorta, like, need to eat, after all.
Interesting. Looks like you guys will do--
Mammon is interrupted by her sister, who begins to jump up and down on the spot like some kind of excited schoolgirl.
Can we go in? Can we go in? Can we? Can we!?
Of course. That is where we’ll gather the ingredients we need.
Somehow, my dull tone did nothing to deter her excitement.
Awesome! Awesome! Awesome!
Um…
Hey, could you be a little quieter? People are gonna notice you screaming.
Actually, they'd notice {i}you,{/i} since you're like, talking to yourself and stuff.
Can we, uh--
So there's nothing I can do about… {i}this?{/i}
Nope. Once you get her like this there's no going back.
Fantastic.
It is at this point that Lucifer decides to interrupt our conversation.
Can we, uh, go to that art store over there?
Again, it didn’t interest me, but I suppose that we could at the very least humour her if we have the time.
It's just, um, that I sorta want to - um, like, try doing art again? Try seeing if I can draw this time? I, um, understand if that's not something we can do but, um…
...
...Please?
Silence, then...
Sure. I'll come with you.
She turns to me and the other two.
You'll be fine doing the shopping, right?
Yes.
My sister just stares blankly at me for a moment.
Just make sure you've got those other two under control.
Alright, ma'a-- uh, Sis…
She sighs, before looking at Lucifer.
Alright, follow me.
Alright, uh… thanks, I--
Don't mention it.
They leave, making sure to look both ways before crossing the street. Once they do so, I turn away and look to the other two.
So are you two ready to go in?
Yep.
Yeah, yeah!
I supposed it was time for me to find out how much I was going to enjoy their company.
Probably not much, but I’m an optimist at heart.
Alright, let us enter this abode, then.
...
The supermarket.
As I said before, a place of many things: discounts, greed, and human vulnerability especially. I learned this from an early age by simply observing people…
One thing that I seemed to had forgotten was that the supermarket was a place of sheer, bitter cold.
The three of us walked down the aisles of this maze; I pushed the trolley in front of me while music that could only have been written by Beleth played on the loudspeakers above.
We were about a third of the way through our grocery list - foodstuffs which could help replenish my mana for the upcoming fight - as we went down yet another aisle.
I check the selection - or I try to, at least. This whole wall seems to be covered in different brands of eggs. Is there any difference between them? Does it matter which type of unborn cockatrice I choose to eat?
I don't know. It doesn't really matter, either. I reach my hand forward to the cheapest carton and--
{i}{b}No!{/b}{/i}
A force appears at breakneck speed and bats my hand away just as I am about to grab the eggs. My body jolts. I look around. Is this an attack? Do I need to fight? I'm not sur--
Don't take those!
As it turns out, it's only Bubble. I let my my eyes bore into her until she further elaborates on why she just did what she did.
Those are caged eggs, those are bad!
...Why?
Those aren't made to be healthy, those are made to be cheap! You can't work with those if you want to make good food!
I suppose it is only fitting that the spirit of gluttony is, itself, a picky eater.
Oh well, I suppose I'll humour her... {i}wishes,{/i} or whatever the word is.
What would you propose I use instead?
She leans over the railing, pointing at a brand of eggs on the top shelf.
They seem to be considerably more expensive than the ones I was planning on taking.
These are free range! These are good to eat!
My sis here gets sorta particular about food. Just warning you now.
Too little too late. I lean forward, grabbing the eggs from the top shelf, and place them carefully in the trolley.
All my hard earned money, gone. I sigh, begin to push forward, and--
Hey! You guys!
A familiar voice calls, and I turn to see S_Tan walking down the aisle and waving to us. Sure enough, Misaki walks behind her, looking down at the ground as she pushes her own cart forward.
Great.
Just what I needed.
Yo, S_Tan~!
Sati~!
The two demons move forward, their ensuing reunion as loud and overbearing as possible. I look to see if there is anything else here I need until..:
Uh, hi.
Hello.
Her tone is curt, slightly irritated. Her words are short. Stuttered. It seems unlike the Countess I knew before.
That doesn’t bother me in the slightest. I turn back to the aisle, and-
Move.
Excuse me?
I-I need to go p-past you. Move.
I suppose it would be unwise to cause a scene. I do as instructed. Misaki moves forward, heading to the self checkout at the end of the corridor.
She sends a card through it and begins to place her items there - a {i}beep{/i} sounding for each one.
I look away, focused on my own task. The next item on this list seems to be butter, which is attainable. I move, head along the aisle, and--
{b}Fuck!{/b}
I jolt at the sudden noise and look to its source. Misaki is still at the machine, only one or two products away from finishing. An angry expression is scrawled across her face, but I'm not exactly sure why.
Against my better judgement, I ask.
What's wrong?
She looks at me, staring for a second.
I-I don't have enough money. I only have a few notes, and...
She trails off, looking away for a moment.
Do you need everything there?
Y-Yes. I-I need to, um…
...
I need to, um, replenish my mana for our fight.
She needs to replenish her power?
Hmph.
I suppose I understand. Magic - {i}summoning{/i} to be more specific - was taxing. If the summoner wasn't in peak condition, then the spell would simply burn the flesh in order to meet its cost.
Obviously, I did not want to try and summon without the required mana.
And somehow, I doubted that even Misaki was foolish enough to do so.
If she wasn’t able to replenish her stamina, then she would hardly be ready for our showdown.
But was there any satisfaction to be found in that sort of victory?
No!
It was hollow at best.
And for the Demon Lord Sebastian Wolfgang IV, hollow simply wasn't good enough.
I walked over to Misaki, bringing my wallet out with a sigh.
How, uh, much do you need?
She paused. Glared at me.
There’s no need for you to do that.
I want to.
She pauses again. Looks away, for a moment…
Fine.
And finally put the last of her items under the scanner.
¥1200.
That amount seemed pitiful. I reached into my wallet and pulled out two ¥1000 notes, then gave them to her.
You can keep the change.
The noise that initially comes out of her mouth is akin to a growl, but she stops and collects herself.
...Thanks.
You're welcome.
I try to give the best smile I can. Just for her. Just for today, before we meet again.
Aww, you guys are so cute together!
S_Tan walks over to the two of us, Mammon and Beelzebub behind her.
Y'know, I bet you two would make, like, really good friends!
No we wouldn't.
No we wouldn't.
Silence, for a moment. We look - {i}glare{/i} - at each other before they erupt into laughter. Mammon and Satan giggle; Beelzebub collapses, breathless.
The confusion is palpable. I look at the group, trying to understand their laughter.
Why are you laughing?
Why are you laughing?
More laughter. Mostly from them, some - a brief chuckle - from me. The humour in the room is surprisingly infectious.
Yeah, definitely. You two would get along {i}so{/i} well with one another.
Unlikely, but I suppose for now I - {i}we{/i} - will humour the possibility.
Eventually, we each go our separate ways, Misaki and Satan exit the supermarket early, to the sadness of the two demons and the indifference of myself.
Once we had everything we needed, we - {i}I{/i} paid and left, the voices of the twin demons squabbling behind me.
We enter the carpark, the legion of people I saw before having vanished into the late afternoon.
Where they go I don't know - probably to their unassuming, unexciting suburban life, if I had to guess.
I see my sister - the demon Lucifer alongside her - at the car, and I push the trolley across the parking lot.
The weight feels almost Sisyphean, in a way.
You done?
Yes. We have finished our… gathering.
Cool.
She moves, hoisting up the trunk of the car above her head and letting it hang.
Okay, put your stuff in--
{b}Uwaaaaa--!{/b}
A scream - piercing, louder than the judgement of the gods - sounded through the parking lot. I turn, unsure of who the noise is coming from. A banshee? A mandrake? A child?
...None of the above, apparently.
Where is it? {b}Where is it!?{/b}
W-where's what?
Personally, I am asking the same question as Lucifer, myself.
M-My necklace... it's gone!
...Gone?
I've lost it, I've dropped it, I-I might not be able to have it again, I…
She trails, looking off.
Honestly, I'm not sure how one could even lose something they had placed on their neck, but I suppose I wouldn't know. I've never worn one, after all.
Aww, sucks that it {i}vanished,{/i} sis. How do you think you lost it?
I don't... I can't.. I... I had it.
Did I drop it…? No, of course not, but then...
She seems... despondent, in a way. Incapable of response, as if she had seen what laid on the deepest circles of Hell and lived to tell the tale.
Of course, she almost certainly had.
Do you want to, um, find it?
I… please… I…
Don't we need to go homeeeeee, though?
...Are you stupid?
...No?
{i}Do you not understand the importance of this necklace?{/i}
...Why should I?
Tch. Typical.
My sister sighs.
...We can wait a bit, I suppose. I can pack the car while you go look.
...And I can help! I've got an eye for detail, so, um…
Y-You can help?
Me too, if this bothers you that much.
Truth be told, I would rather be heading home by now - but given Mammon's… reaction, I suppose that there wasn't much of a choice. As the summoner, I seemed to be her master, and what sort of master would voluntarily let their subjects suffer?
A lot of masters, probably, but not me. I give the trolley to my sister, nod as she takes it, and walk to where the other three are.
They are looking at me somewhat expectantly. Their eyes bore into me. The words that come out of my mouth are stilted. Stuttery.
So, uh, what do we do?
We look. I know how to look for these things, so, uh…
This is {i}boooooorrrrrrrriiiiinnnnnnggggg{/i}...
Go help my, uh, sister then.
Okkkkaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyy...
She leaves, and as she does so we look through the labyrinthine parking lot; we take our separate paths wordlessly for the sake of efficiency.
Now that the sun is nearly gone from the sky, there are almost no mortals inhabiting this parking lot. That is… convenient. Preferable, even. If I had to bump into someone, if I had to talk to someone who had no idea what the depths of this world were, I...
...Wouldn't know what to do. And {i}God{/i} knew what would happen if the Demon Lord Sebastian Wolfgang IV was caught off guard.
But now was not the time for unlikely hypotheticals. I had a necklace I needed to find. I turned a corner and saw a new part of the parking lot. Cars. Abandoned trolleys. Litter.
Eventually, I see a glint under one of the dumpsters. I walk forward, slightly curious. Is that what I'm looking for? Is that the thing Mammon covets so dearly? I'm not entirely sure.
Still, I suppose there is no harm in looking. I walk to the dumpster, pick the… chain thing up, and--
{b}Mine!{/b}
A force appears with the speed of a lightning bolt and wrenches the thing from my hands just as I am about to look at it. My body jolts. I look around. The sensation, the {i}thoughts{/i} are familiar. Is this…?
You found it. {i}You found it~!{/i}
In front of me is Mammon, bent over slightly. She is clutching, caressing the necklace, She isn't looking at me, nor the two demons coming up from behind her; she is only looking at the object in her hands.
Her {i}precious{/i} possession, as expected from the lord of greed.
I question how much it means, given her… extreme reaction.
What's so important about that necklace, anyway? You're fawning over it.
To be honest, I would have preferred to ask why losing it prompted such a reaction from her, but I suppose that this is the… better way of asking it.
It's…
She pauses. Shakes her head. Continues.
It's a necklace that my friend Leviathan gave to me, back… around a year ago, I guess.
Admittedly it… might not be the most valuable; admittedly, I only took it because Levi made it, but…
That's sort of the reason, y'know?
Like, Levi's a friend. She's not really my {i}bestest{/i} friend or anything like that but, like…
I still value her.
I still care about her.
And I care enough to know that she's the type of person who doesn't really make friends easily, who compares herself to others and looks down on everything bad they do.
But I know that she sees herself as worse than others as well. I know she's jealous of other people. I know she wants to be on their level. I know that she expects what she makes to be the best, I know she wants others to care about her things.
So how would she feel if I had suddenly lost the necklace she had made for me?
How would she feel if it seemed like what she did hadn't mattered?
Honestly, I don't know anything about this 'Levi' person, but I nod. The least I can do is pretend I understand.
And it's… like that with everyone. All my friends. All my family. I try to keep the things they give me. I try to show them that their gifts matter.
I don't want to lose them; I don't want them to dislike me... I want to show them that they're important; I want to show them that I care.
I guess that's why this necklace is important to me.
Hm. Interesting.
I knew that Mammon in front of me was the embodiment of greed...
...but I supposed I never really saw that possessiveness as a good thing.
Hoarding things, keeping them just because you value the people who gave them to you.
I guess I will need to hold Mammon in a different light.
Aww, you found it? I thought I did a good job of hiding it…
Beelzebub and Lucifer walk onto the scene - the former with a sort of exaggerated frown on her face as her sister turns around, glaring at her.
{i}You{/i} hid this?
Yep!
You…
...got like, super flustered and stuff.
She giggles. You hear about twins finishing each other's sentences, but… I'm pretty sure that isn't what Mami's thinking.
What Mami's actually thinking... would probably raise the age rating of this game.
It was great! You were like 'wa, wa, my precious necklace was gone,' and--
Mammon gives a sort of scoffing sound.
Of course someone like {i}you{/i} wouldn't understand.
Huh?
You just guzzle and consume whatever you can get your hands on and fail to take any of the {i}value{/i} out of it!
...Yeah. So?
A moment of silence, before Mammon sighs.
Whatever, no point in arguing. Let's just go home. {i}One{/i} of us needs to act like an adult, after all.
Oh, right. There's something I need to tell you.
She turns to me.
Your sis got tired of waiting so she decided to take the stuff home without us.
...
{i}What.{/i}
{i}What.{/i}
Wh-What?
Yeah, she said that we could just walk home. Apparently doesn't take that long.
Of all the--
Fine. Let's just… walk, yeah.
W-We might be able to make it back before sundown if w-we begin now.
Right. I guess we start walking now?
Yes. We should.
And off we went.
At long last, we finally reach my dwelling. Eager to leave the land of mortals, I head toward my room.
But unfortunately, I have more pressing matters to tend to.
My elder sister is already waiting for me inside.
So, how was your walk?
You don’t wanna know.
I don’t! Besides, you know, we had frozens. You don’t seriously expect me to let those melt, do you?
You stand before three demons and a demon lord! We could just do an ice incantation!
Uh... Ice incantations?
{i}Yeeeeaaaah,{/i} hate to break it to you, but most of us are the fire and brimstone type.
U-Um, I know some ice spells, but I’m not really any good at them, so...
...Well, I could have done it, of course, but I’m running a little low on mana.
Yeah, you’re a real fearsome bunch and all, but have you considered the help of a mortal artifact?
It’s called a {i}freezer.{/i}.
Food’s in the freezer? Got it!
Be back in a--
Oh no you don’t!
...Jiffy.
Who do you think you are, trying to eat before everyone else? We’re starving too!
So? You eat before everyone else all the time!
That’s different! I--
Oh, shut up. Beepy is already working on dinner for everyone anyways.
...
What?
What sort of arcane...?
I extend a hand to Yumi’s shoulder.
Yumi, I’m... so proud of you.
...Excuse me?
For years, you’ve rejected your calling! Though you carry the blood of a sorcerer in your veins just as much - no, perhaps even more than I - your emotional state has always sealed your true potential!
But now you’ve awoken, and your latent talent has allowed you to surpass even my years of study!
What the hell are you on about this time?
Isn’t it obvious?
Beepy would never do something as useful as making dinner, let alone for other people! Even though I couldn’t, you must have become cognizant of your powers and started to control her!
Nah. I was just reheating the leftover pizza. There’s even enough for everyone.
She sets it down in front of us.
Finally!
Hey! Take one at a time!
But if you steal it from me, then {i}you{/i} have two! How’s that fair!?
It’s because you started it! You stole from me like, 20 minutes ago!
We decide to ignore the two of them - no matter how difficult it is.
I guess I’ll just consider it part of my training, or something like that.
I see... I suppose the use of a microwave is within even Beepy’s capabilities - and so it seems my sister’s potential continues to slumber.
Pssshh. The {i}microwave?{/i}
Everyone knows that if you {i}really{/i} want to reheat pizza, you’ve gotta use the oven.
Then...
There’s only one explanation.
I put my arm on Yumi’s shoulder. Again.
Yumi... I take it back. The power stored within your veins has been unleashed after all.
You’re an idiot.
A-Also, power being in the veins is just a common misconception. It’s actually stored in the arteries...
Jeeeeeez. You think that {i}just{/i} because I’m a demon personifying sloth, I’ve gotta do everything the easy way?
Um... Yes?
Oh, really? What next? Electric eels are electric?
They are!
And killer whales kill things?
Yes!
And red pandas are red?
Ye-- Well, actually, it’s more of an orange. But in comparison to a normal panda? Yes!
But you know what? An electric eel isn’t an eel, a killer whale isn’t a whale, and a red panda isn’t a panda!
Your expectations can be wrong where you least expect it~!
What does that have to do with you putting so much effort into reheating pizza?
Nothin’. Just thought you might be able to relax with some fun animal trivia.
Relax?! A battle deciding the fates of the two most powerful demon lords in the tri-state area will be upon us in less than two days, and you expect me to {i}relax!?{/i}
...The hell is a tri-state area?
What I need to do is prepare myself for Armageddon!
Oh. ‘Kay.
The only ‘Armageddon’ here is what you did to the garage.
What? What sort of foul development...?
Really about time you dealt with that, don’t you think?
No! The dusk has already been consumed by these meaningless errands! The rest of this night {i}must{/i} be devoted to my training!
I try to slip away, but Yumi’s arm latches onto me like a serpent’s... um, mouth?
You’re not getting out of it this time! For fuck’s sake, just finish it already!
It seems that my freedom has been compromised. Though it’s unbecoming for one of my station to yield, I can’t overcome my sister’s powers - even if they lay dormant.
Also she’s squeezing my arm really hard and I want her to stop.
...Fine. If you truly find it to be such a burden, I will purify the arcane residue brought about by my ritual. But in exchange--
No exchange. Just do it.
Tch. Not even my powers of suggestion will be effective here.
If that duel ends in my defeat, my blood will be on your hands.
I’m shockingly okay with that.
Damn it all... If fortune is on my side, then perhaps Elizabeth is being put through these same sorts of trials. She did the same ritual, after all. Then, perhaps, we may yet be on even footing.
I grab my instruments of purification - disguised as mere soap and a towel - from the closet, and pour holy water from the sink into a sacred vessel. With prudence, I may be able to salvage some experience from this.
But when I finally make it to the battlefield...
It’s... already been cleaned?
Th-This can’t be!
Have I mastered time magic without realizing it?
Oh, yeah... I {i}did{/i} clean that, didn’t I...?
You {i}what!?{/i}
...I see...
You’re not Beepy!
You are naught but a foul doppelganger!
I must admit, on a physical level, your disguise is flawless.
But you’re a poor actor, fiend! You should have killed me while you had the chance!
I don’t know where you’ve put the real Beepy...
And I don’t know if I actually care...
But your wretched life... is {b}{i}forfeit!{/b}{/i}
The third page of your math notebook has a doodle of a wolf.
One half is made of fire, and I {i}think{/i} the other half might be ice or something - but it’s kinda hard to tell because you’re not that good of an artist.
W-What?
Iunno. I got bored when I was in your backpack, so I looked through some of your stuff. Thought bringing it up might prove my identity or somethin’.
But... that was the only possible explanation...!
And that isn’t a {i}doodle!{/i} It is a complex ritual to assist in the conjuring of a beast by developing an image from which it can manifest!
Yeah, whatever. I just figured your sis might make you clean the garage, so I went ahead and did it for ya.
So now we can just relax for the rest of the night~!
Hmm... This is fantastic! Now I can spend this time preparing for my duel! Thanks to your support, Elizabeth’s demise will surely be at hand!
...Oh.
Okay.
I mean...
I just thought, y’know, since I made you pizza - in the oven and everything - and cleaned the garage for you... you might spare a little bit of time to hang out with me.
Especially because without my help you would’ve been stuck scrubbing the floor all night.
But I guess your responsibilities are just... too important.
Agh!
What’s going on!?
Some horrible pit in my stomach...
Poison?
To think... all of that {i}hard{/i} work, just... put to waste...
With a walk so pitiful that no bard could sing of it without breaking into tears, she ever-so-slowly leaves the garage.
I...
Even as a demon lord, I cannot abide by an atrocity of this magnitude!
Beepy! Wait!
What? You want me to get Yumi to drive you somewhere? A nice place that’s too far away for that annoying Beepy to distract you from your super important training?
No, that’s not it. We should make each other’s acquaintance! Just for a bit!
That means ‘hang out’ in normal people talk, right?
Sweet! I’ll see what’s on TV~!
...
I haven’t been deceived, have I?
Just as I begin to think that, Beepy abducts me to the living room. She sits me on the couch and snuggles up next to me before covering the two of us under an outright absurd number of blankets.
With the stage set, she turns on the TV and starts channel-surfing.
Whoaaaah! I’ve wanted to see this movie for weeks now! And whaddya know! It’s just starting!
What a {i}crazy{/i} coincidence!
Don’t tell me.
Was this all part of some diabolical plot?
And if so, how long has it been in motion?
Regardless, I’m her prisoner. Until this movie ends, these blankets may as well be made of concrete. No, worse - {i}magic resistant{/i} concrete. Needless to say, I’m not going anywhere.
The movie itself seems to be about a society that consists entirely of giant robots. The giant robots can’t talk, so all they ever do is fight.
However, a group of teenaged giant robots runs into alien technology that gives each of them the power to release a human from their cockpit and control it remotely.
With this power, they get the ability to talk through their disputes. A group of evil robots ends up having this same power, but the teenagers use their superior communication skills to persuade the villains into a different course of action.
Before I know it, the film reaches its end, and the credits roll.
Yowza! I thought that’d be pretentious, but it really was as good as they said!
What’d you think, Makoto? Have a good time?
For the last time, call me--!
C’mooon, it’s no big deal. Relax, relax~
First you steal two hours of my time, and now my dignity?
Demons are more fierce than I could have ever known. And yet...
...It was nice. I prefer the content of my eldritch texts, but as a brief intermission, I suppose it was an acceptable use of my time.
But it was a {i}way{/i} better time than you would’ve had practicing for that dumb magic show you have in two days, right?
Hmph. What is two hours of enjoyment when put up against the potential for infinite power?
...Eh. Guess that’s the best I could’ve gotten out of a sourpuss like you.
Now if you’ll excuse me, I need to rejuvenate my energy in preparation for my next journey to the mortal realm.
Sure, sure. Nighty night!
Now then.
I know the extent of Beepy’s villainous machinations. Though she said that the previous night was the last where she would occupy my bed, I’m far too intelligent to fall for such a blatant ruse.
With my nightly preparations complete, I check the living room. Beepy’s stil there, none the wiser. Excellent.
But this fight isn’t over. Cleverly, I check all around my room just in case she’s played some sort of trick. Under the bed, in all the drawers, in the closet - even my backpack. No sign of her.
And now, we act.
I shut my door.
I turn the knob lock.
I slide over the deadbolt.
And, of course, a padlock wouldn’t hurt.
Now, of course, a fool would stop here. But I am a proper demon lord - I know what I’m up against. It’s time for the last nail in the coffin.
I draw a magic sealing circle onto a piece of paper and affix it to the door with special ritual tape.
Yes. This should do it.
Satisfied with myself, I turn the lights off and get into bed.
And so, the sweet embrace of slumber is to grab hold of me once again.
...
...
...
Zzz...
What!? Beepy!? How--
Oh... Hey, Makoto... Come here often?
How did you get in here!?
Who caaaaaaaaaaaaares?
I guess if you {i}really{/i} wanted, you could just kick me out.
But then you’d have to get out of this nice, soft bed and go through all the trouble of undoing those locks...
I have never at any point in my life felt such a poignant sense of defeat.
...Whatever.
G’night, Makotoooo~
Good night, Beepy.
...
... ...
... ... ...
Here again...
...
I try to walk through the halls, pushing past the mundanes walking in the opposite direction and pushing through those who seem to think it wise to stand right in the middle - even though others are trying to travel..
I fail to understand these people. Why are they so ignorant as to inconvenience everybody else for what seems like no benefit?
To tell the truth, there are more things I don’t quite understand.
What they do, what their joys are.
I understand that they choose to bond themselves with the people they call their ‘friends,’ I understand that they choose to enamour themselves with passions similar to my own, but I am unsure of why.
I am sure that I will eventually find some sort of divine understanding…
Until then, I suppose that this will be a mystery almost like the Voynich Manuscript.
And until then, I suppose that I won't know what makes the people around me tick.
So… Do the people here just stand around all lunchtime and block other people?
Essentially.
Oh well. I guess that means you get to relax before you eat.
I’ve come from Math.
More specifically, it’s a subject where life is quantified through numbers; unfortunately, it is also taught by the seventh most powerful witch of the Metaworld.
Mrs. Yakubovich…
The woman with the all-seeing eye. The woman with the bat's ears. The woman who can hear any conversation and smite the culprit if necessary.
The woman who will absolutely stop at nothing to make sure her students know exactly what they need to. Bells, lunchtimes - even the very fabric of time itself - didn't matter if Mrs. Yakubovich had not completed her lesson.
Personally, I fear her.
If I could be honest, I think everyone does.
But she is not what matters right now. All I need to do here is take my lunch and begone, like the witches of Salem.
{i}Especially{/i} given where I need to attain it.
The school cafeteria.
Disorder, uncleanliness, and horrible food reign supreme here, hanging over its subjects like a miasma. Few survived a trip here with their sanity in-tact, and those that did found it hard to desensitize themselves to the pain.
Of course, being a regular customer and being… mentally {i}stronger{/i} than the rest, I had adjusted to this place.
Well, I had {i}mostly{/i} adjusted, at the very least. I headed to the front of the cafeteria, where the initial line had mostly dissipated.
...Forget your room. {i}This{/i} is where I need to do some spring cleaning.
Don't, Beepy. Only suffering exists down that path.
...
Eventually, I get my daily ration of glop. After this, I move again, heading towards the other end of the serving table.
One thing that my school seems to do different to most others is have a… sort of concession stand. If a mortal soul were to make a deal, they could sacrifice their money in exchange for treats.
Some would even get addicted to the feel or the taste.
Powerful as I am, I am one of them.
I walk in front of the stand, looking at what there is to offer. Donuts. Cakes. Muffins…
Slightly larger muffins…
I make my choice fairly quickly. I walk forward, get my wallet out, and prepare to let the woman in front of me know who exactly she was dealing with.
Hey, uh, can I have an, um… blueberry muffin?
Sure.
She had bent like a… bendy… thing. She was so easily willing to give me my muffin.
This would be easy.
Alright, that's ¥400.
Not a hefty price to pay. I reach into my wallet, pull out my coins, and…
¥200.
I freeze. Stop. Look down at the coins, counting and counting and recounting and recounting to make sure I have the right number.
I don't.
I don't have enough money.
And I look at the stand and I see that there is nothing else I can possibly buy with the meager amount I have. There is nothing I can do.” “How could this possibly happen to me!?” “I will have to suffer through the glob and the slime and I will not be able to reward myself for persevering.
I don't know what to do. I don't know how to tell the person here I don't have enough money without them getting annoyed.
I--
M-Make that two.
Almost as if the bearer of bad news had come late, {i}she{/i} popped up right next to me, pink and pretty wallet in her hand.
Of {i}course{/i} things had to get worse.
So… two blueberry muffins?
Y-yeah. One for me, one for h-him.
One… for me?
This almost feels like a joke.
This definitely feels like humiliation.
Still, I suppose that I cannot complain...
Alright, that's ¥800.
H-Here.
She hands the money. The woman at the concession stand gives a smile - toothy, likely fake - as she hands the two muffins to her.
There is a moment where she hangs there, staring at both bags. After it ends, she moves and gives me one with a shove.
There.
Silence.
Now we're even.
Um, thanks?
She walks away as my throat barely even chokes the words out, not looking back as she disappears into the crowd.
What was that about?
I am unsure. She mentioned something about this making us ‘even,' but I'm not sure why.
Could it be the help at the supermarket?
...Thinking about it, signs point to yes.
But couldn't she have taken advantage of that? Couldn't she have acted as if she did not owe me anything, and used my generosity to her advantage?
She should have.
I would have.
But I suppose I cannot complain. She had elected to help me out here, as payment for me helping her out back then. What went around came around.
I suppose I can be happy at that.
But still, why? Why did I accept it?
I don't know.
I am sure that it is not a hard question, I am sure that I will eventually find some sort of divine understanding about this topic…
...But until then, I suppose that this will be a mystery.
Almost like the Voynich Manuscript.
And until then, I suppose that I won't know what makes that girl - my rival - tick.
The remaining hours in the school day went by uneventfully.
Not a moment too soon, either. Beepy's curled-up mass weighed against my back.
With no other commitments, I went home, eager to apply myself.
Tomorrow was the duel with the Countess, after all. I'd wasted enough time with frivoloties.
When we arrived, Beepy trudged off to find a warm bed to curl up into.
Lucifer, on the other hand, ambushed me with other plans...
So, you're telling me…
Yeah?
That you want me to be the next subject of your art project?
I-uhh, I mean, if you don't mind…
Of course I mind! I want nothing to do with your worldly trifles. Quite honestly, it's a waste of my time.
This so called 'art' won't help me end this miserable world, will it? No?
N-No…
I can't believe she's chosen to approach me about this. I'd never accept a proposition such as this… unless it were a painting fit for a dark lord.
Not to mention, I cannot risk what otherworldly powers she'll use.
What if she were to steal my soul and put it into such a painting? I couldn't live a lifetime in a frame. I can't achieve my goals in a state like that, and I'm sure it would be utterly boring!
No, I must refuse.
Before I have a chance to continue my rant, she tears up.
I only want to draw you; I promise it won't take long and I'll be out of your hair and it won't mean anything and I won't bother you ever ag--
Stop stop stop!
Shaking my head and frowning, I cut her off.
I sigh exasperatedly; I don't want to deal with the blowback from a situation like this. If the others were to hear that I made Lucy cry, I'd never hear the end of it - or worse…
Unfortunately, I have no other choice but to participate.
What a waste of time.
And, as much as I hate to say it, I pity her - which is odd, considering she's the Demon Lord of Pride. These demons really are nothing like the versions in the books.
Sometimes I wonder if they're playing a big trick on me - a ruse only to prove a point, to embarrass me for having the audacity to summon them… One of them.
I'm not quite sure when this became a house party, but here I am.
I wonder, will they grant me any power over this mortal coil or are they only here to ridicule me?
I'll suffer through these trials and tribulations if it means getting what I rightfully deserve.
Fine, I'll do it. Let me get prepared, I must don some more… appropriate attire.
Appropriate? No, what you're wearing is fine, I promise!
If you are to draw me, I want the art to show my true self. So, I need my cloak.
Actually, if you wouldn't mind, I really want to sketch without it.
Clothing only masks your true form - we don't need any of that roleplaying stuff...
...Wait.
Does she want to draw me… nude?
Nononoooo, that's neeever going to happen.
I-uh, I-I don't think that's uhh… a good idea! No!
Oh, don't be so afraid! That cosplay stuff is kind of beneath me anyways…
I'm not going to participate if you expect me to get naked!
Wait. Cosplay stuff?
Wait. Naked?
I instinctively look away. Being naked in front of a girl, hell - in front of anyone for that matter?
No, that's something I cannot ever let myself indulge in.
Grabbing ahold of myself, I clear my throat.
Ahem, I'm sorry Lucy, but either I wear clothing or I'll have to respectfully decline.
She waves her hands and takes more than a few steps back, covering her face.
No! I mean, regular {i}people{/i} clothes! I don't want to see you naked, dear God no!
Gross…
Hey!
I just want to draw you as you are, exposed and unobstructed…
No, that doesn't sound right. Like, without that ridiculous facade you put on. Just you being you, okay?
Hey! T--
Shushshushshush.
Lucy walks up and puts a finger over my mouth, forcing me to quiet down.
Just… sit on the bed, okay?
Frowning, I resign myself to this fate, sit down, and cross my arms.
Lucy sits in a chair just opposite, pulling out her sketchpad and beginning her work.
I'm going to start with a sketch of you - still life style - and then I'll work on a painting from that, okay?
Mm. Yeah, that's fine.
Awesome.
She gives me a slight smile before continuing.
The room grows silent - awkwardly so. Only her pencil breaks through the velvety veil, making slight scritching sounds as she gently glides it along the paper. Other than that, there is nothing.
It's… odd. She made all of this talk about 'exposing your true self,' but here I am, doing nothing.
Sitting in a room, alone with her.
Quietly...
I hope this isn't what world domination feels like.
Because if so, then what's the point?
If there's nothing after the end of the world - if there's nothing to enjoy - then what's the point?
I suppose there's the age old saying, 'the journey is more than the destination,’ but I'm a realist. The destination is {i}infinitely{/i} more important.
Actually, I'll, uh, decide when I get there.
Shaking off these intrusive thoughts, I look back to Lucy.
She has a determined expression on her face - a nice break from the norm. She's normally so anxious - shy, even - but right now? She looks like she's actually having fun.
She looks like she belongs in this spot, right here.
I wonder if that's how I look when I'm practicing my dark arts?
Mm! Almost done~! Thanks for sitting so still; you're a natural, or something…
You know, your stance says a lot about you. You look so… sad?
Sad?
Y-Yeah. I mean, I don't want to offend, but... You know, you're always frowning and you cross your arms and legs like you want to close yourself off from the world and I think that's really sad and…
I guess it makes it easier to draw you, since your expression isn't exactly a complicated one. The fact that you hide your hands makes it much easier as well - man, hands are hard to draw! Anyways…
Sad? No! I'm the great and all powerful Wolfgang IV! Just one look from my eyes, and all shall run in terror! They attempt to dodge fate, but it'll come to all in the end…
Sad, huh?
Are you sure?
Yeah, hands are awful.
N-No, not that.
Lucy looks at me, perplexed. Then, it hits her.
Yeah… I'm sure.
Wanna see?
Yes, of course.
She turns her sketchpad towards me and holds it up over her chest.
Wow.
That's actually very good, no matter how hard as it is to see me in there. It's obviously designed to be painted over or alongside.
She's right.
I do look quite sad. My body language closed off, my gaze down, my mouth in a slight frown; it doesn't look like I'm a bright and triumphant dark lord at all.
She must've seen my reaction, as she continues speaking.
It speaks volumes, seeing you like this. You look so… forlorn? About everything. No confidence, no {i}pride{/i}.
Which is weird, you seem so prideful when you're cosplaying! But, in the end, that's just a painting.
A caricature painted over the true you.
You should try to take pride in not only your character, but in you yourself.
You may not see it, but you have redeeming qualities. Take pride in who you are and what you show off to the world. You don't need to hide within yourself forever.
Sure, sometimes you can get lost in pride - as I find myself doing sometimes - but it's bad to have a lack of it too. It's all about balance, yeah?
And… Uhh, y-you'd be a whole lot cuter if you did so…
Blushing, she goes back to work, as if she'd said nothing.
{i}Cuter?{/i}
Implying I'm cute at all?
I'm not cute! I'm a dark…
I really don't have the energy for that right now.
I just want to sleep.
Suddenly sapped of the energy I had going into this, I just sort of sit there until she finishes.
I try not to think about anything, focusing on the scritches from her pencil, her determined expression, and the blush that lingers on her cheeks.
It doesn't take long for her to finish.
She shows it to me once more, frowning.
I'm sorry it turned out so poor. I wish I was a better artist!
I didn't get the shading right, the eyes look disproportionately large compared to your head, and the folds on your clothing don't look realistic at all, and don't get me started o--
I like it.
Exactly! It's awf-- What?
It's really good, Lucy. If you hadn't have said anything, I wouldn't have noticed the 'mistakes,' and many of them I can't notice because they aren't there.
There's potential, to be certain.
I-uhh-- I, thanks.
She takes the drawing and turns from me, holding it close to her chest and crossing her arms over it.
She closes her eyes, then turns to me.
I'll keep this for now. I'll finish painting it later, okay? I promise!
Okay. I'll see it then.
Lucy goes to leave, opening the door.
Thanks for letting me draw you, Makoto. Really.
Then, she leaves.
After what feels like hours, I’m finally finished with Lucy’s art session.
Now would be the time for me to relax - yet for some reason, I am unable to.
There’s less than a day remaining until the showdown between me and Countess Elizabeth, a battle to decide our fates.
But I haven’t gotten a single second of training from Beepy or her friends yet.
Meanwhile, my rival has Satan in her corner - who is no doubt teaching her all sorts of arcane incantations as we speak.
What if I fall behind? What if she ends up overpowering me and I lose the chance to become that which I’ve always desired!?
There’s no way it can end like that… I have to start my training right away so I can catch up and unlock ancient abilities that no one has ever--
{b}Makotoooooooooo~!{/b}
Makoto, Makoto, Makoto, Makoto!
My train of thought is interrupted by Bubble, who runs up and bounces excitedly around me.
She has so much energy for such a small little thing… Perhaps I should learn how to siphon some of that energy for myself?
But regardless, a nuisance like this is the last thing I need right now.
Agh- H-Hey, settle down! What is it!?
Hey! Hey! Didja know? Didja know?
Didja know what time it is~?
What…?
I cast a curious glance down to my watch, just to be sure.
Uh… it’s 4:37. What of it?
Nihihihi~! That’s right! And that means…
It’s finally time!
Wait a minute, she couldn’t possibly mean…
You mean… it’s time to learn some magic at long last?
Uh-huh! Uh-huh! I’m gonna teach you some super awesome magic today!
Finally… I thought this opportunity would never come!
I can feel my adrenaline rising by the second as I clench my fists together and let a wicked smile overtake my face.
Hahaha~ Well, whatever are we waiting for, dear Beelzebub?
Let us begin drawing upon the deepest, darkest secrets of this world so that I may step ever closer to realizing my ambitions!
Hehe, okie-dokie~! We’re gonna learn some awesome magic today! Are ya ready?
Yeah!
Are ya {i}really ready{/i}?
{b}Yeah!{/b}
{b}Okay!{/b} The super awesome secret magical skill we’re going to learn today iiiiis…
{b}Cooking~!{/b}
Bubble drags me into the kitchen and presents the stove like how Mother Harlot presents her seven-headed beast.
{b}Yaaaaaaaaaaaaay! Woo-hoo~!{/b}
...
I don’t think I’ve ever been more disappointed in my entire life.
All that hype and buildup… for something as mundane as cooking!?
I had to sit as still as a gargoyle for hours while Lucy draws my portrait, and {i}this{/i} is what I’m learning now!?
If she were a court jester and I were king, I’d have had her beheaded in seconds!
A-Are you kidding me? What good is {i}that{/i} going to do me!?
Well, aren’t you just a no-fun Mr. Party Pooper! Cooking is one of the most important special abilities you can possibly learn!
You can’t be a super powerful demon lord on an empty stomach, right!?
Well obviously, but--
Then just relax! I’ll teach you how to make a super awesome meal in no time!
Besides, we gotta put the food we got yesterday to use somehow! Don’t tell me you bought all of it without even thinking about it!
This infuriating little imp is trying to get out of teaching me what I need to know… Doesn’t she know what I need right now isn’t a cooking lesson!?
I’m starting to wonder if Beepy has been serious at all in trying to get these guys to help me out…
...You know what? Fine. Whatever.
I’ve been distracted left and right all week, what’s one more distraction for the magic circle?
Fine. I’ll look over what we have…
Nonononono! That’s not how we’ll be doing things!
In the catering business, the chef always listens to the customer first to understand what they want before they make any meal!
Soooo, I’ll tell you what I want first, and {i}then{/i} you can make it!
I-I mean, sure, but… I was just gonna see what food we have to work with.
Oh, don’t worry about that! I memorized every single ingredient in the house, so I already know what you guys have!
That doesn’t ease my worries at all. In fact, I wouldn’t be surprised if she already has a plan to eat us out of house and home…
Now, let’s see… What do I wanna eat today…?
Time to eat! Time to eat! Whatever shall I eat~?
Whole grains or vegetables~? Milk, fruit, or meat~?
Whichever one I pick will be so yummy and so sweet~!
But what I want the most today just cannot be beat~!
I can’t believe I am burning daylight hours for this.
I want… Lasagna!
...That’s it? All that singing and {i}lasagna{/i} is what you want!?
Well, yeah! It’s what my tummy decided, after all!
Did your ‘tummy’ also decide to waste my time - not only with this cooking nonsense, but with that stupid ceremony too?
Anyways! Now you know what I want! So now you can make some food!
H-Hold on a second! I dunno how to cook! I can barely even get toast right!
Really? Wow, guess this lesson will be good for something, huh?
Though, you can’t really eat lasagna for breakfast, can you…?
Oh well, never stopped me before! And you shouldn’t let it stop you, either, Makoto~!
What’s to stop me from walking away right now?
Alright, enough blabbity blab! Let’s make some {b}food~!{/b}
And so, rather begrudgingly, I start making lasagna with Bubble.
Turns out we have more than enough ingredients, and Bubble is there to guide me through every step in preparing the dish.
She’s actually rather competent when it comes to preparing a meal - a far cry from her usual childish self.
In no time, we manage to combine all the ingredients together and place it in the oven, heating it at a temperature to rival that of Muspelheim.
And soon enough… it is done.
I can smell every inch of melted cheese, savory meat, and assorted veggies from the pan.
Even I have to admit… it looks devilishly delightful.
And out of the corner of my eye, I can see Bubble taking in every square inch, her eyes as big as… well, dinner plates.
{i}Oooooooooooooooh~!{/i} It smells so goooooooood~!
H-Hey, careful, it’s still pretty hot.
While I set the lasagna onto the stove, my sister happens to walk in on us.
Whoa… Is that lasagna?
She inspects my handiwork top to bottom, and a smile appears on her face. She must like what she sees.
It looks {i}and{/i} smells really good… Did you make this, Makoto?
Oh, uh… I-I-I guess I did, haha~…
Yup yup! I showed him how to make it, and he did all the hard work!
Man, and I was running late on dinner and everything… But I never thought you could make anything like this.
Thanks, Makoto.
Huh? Oh, d-don’t mention it…
Receiving praise from my sister… I’m not sure if I should feel honored or embarrassed.
Eventually, the rest of the demons in the household gather to admire my handiwork.
Mmm, lasagna… I was wondering where that smell was coming from.
I-It looks really good! The texture and the balance are completely intact, a-and there’s not a single piece that feels out of place!
Hell yeah! I can’t wait to dig into this!
All this attention for just one meal… It’s getting a little too much for me.
I don’t know why me making a meal is worthy of praise. That’s just like giving Hermes a pat on the back for his natural speed.
But having people admire my work for what feels like the first time in my life… I don’t know how to describe it.
It feels nice, doesn’t it?
Eh? What does?
That feeling of accomplishment when you work really, really hard on a good meal and everyone loves it!
To know that all that time you spent making the food was worth it… because now, you have something really yummy for you and your family to share.
That’s what it means to provide for yourself and for others.
I think you should feel proud of yourself, Makoto; making something like this provides people with what they need to get through life.
Without that lasagna, who knows what would’ve happened? We could’ve starved or something!
Y-Yeah, I guess so…
Making food isn’t easy; it takes time and effort, and you have to get everything just right.
But when you finish making a meal, you feel {i}really{/i} good about it, and I think that’s something you should feel when making anything!
So don’t be afraid to enjoy whatever you made. You were the one who made it, after all!
...She does have a point.
Watching the others admire the lasagna I painstakingly made; it’s hard not to feel some satisfaction for that.
Like I was able to do something that really meant something and reap the benefits…
Oh yeah! I almost forgot!
In a haste, Bubble squeezes her way past the other demons to cut out a piece of lasagna… then presents it to Mami.
First piece is for you!
Huh? Me?
I know it probably doesn’t mean much, but… this is my apology for the other day.
S-Sorry I caused you so much trouble…
Bubble…
I didn’t even know demons were capable of regret.
I can hear the sincerity in her words - and evidently Mami does too, as she cracks an understanding smile.
Don’t worry about it.
Thanks, Mami.
Seeing the two of them make up… is honestly pretty touching.
When I first met them, I thought the two of them were just a pair of annoying brats… In fact, I’m sure they still can be.
But knowing what they’ve had to say to me… they’re actually more mature than they appear to be.
Yet there’s one thing that’s bothering me…
How come you’re sharing food at all? I would assume a demon of gluttony would keep all the food it can find for--
She {i}just said{/i} it was an apology! Weren’t you listening, idiot!?
Yeah! Weren’t you paying attention, dummy!?
...I take it back. They’re brats through and through.
We all gather at the table to enjoy the delicious lasagna.
I do feel proud about learning how to cook something, but…
In the end, I ended up not learning anything for tomorrow. I haven’t learned any dark arts of any kind in the past three days.
Knowing that, my mood turns sour in almost a heartbeat. Was I tricked? Did I allow my defences to falter??
All I’ve been doing is spinning my wheels while my rival gathers more and more power…
And all these demons have been doing is wasting my time, pulling me in different directions and not accomplishing anything truly important!
What the hell have I been doing all this time!?
I don’t feel any closer to attaining ultimate power - not through shopping, nor through being a model, and {i}especially{/i} not through cooking.
Now there’s no more time left… I feel wholly unprepared for the final battle tomorrow.
I suppose the only thing left to do is for me to study up on my own. I should have done this sort of thing from the beginning….
Without another word to anyone, I finish up my plate and head straight for my room.
Now, to make my preparations.
While I could certainly study my eldritch texts - perhaps in an attempt to master time magic and repeat these past two days in a more productive manner - I have an easier option in front of me:
Satan’s business card.
While it’s foolish to think I can cover as much ground as Elizabeth by using the exact same method, this is the best shot I have.
Though she failed to realize it, I was far more powerful than she was before our duel was set. While there’s a frightening possibility that Satan’s help allowed her to catch up to me, she couldn’t have gotten too far ahead.
With only a few hours of Satan’s time, I could easily make up the difference and then some.
brrring, brrring
Please pick up...
Hiya! You’ve called Hell’s top idol, S_Tan!
Yes! Satan, I require your assis--
I can’t come to the phone right now, and our servers are a {i}teensy{/i} bit over capacity, so please hold!
Son of a---
Is everything just part of a conspiracy to waste my valuable time?
...
Hm. This might take a while.
Perhaps I should study my eldritch texts in the meantime.
But... it would be unpleasant if I was about to make a breakthrough and was suddenly interrupted. It can’t be that much longer, so I’ll just wait.
I’ll just... wait.
And wait...
This isn’t working.
I feel my temper rising, and then I realize:
I’m trying to contact a demon of wrath! Her entire {i}existence{/i} revolves around petty inconvenience.
And so, to get audience with her, I have to make it inconvenient for myself!
I take this opportunity to study the tomes I’ve been hoarding - not for the knowledge itself per se, but to fool Fate into believing it would be inconvenient for me to be taken off hold.
However, I slowly find myself fascinated by the arcane rituals that lay before me.
Yes! This is it! I don’t need Satan at all! If I just master this, Elizabeth’s defeat will be in the palm of my hand! I just need--
Hello!
Dammit!
Wait! This is good!
You’ve reached Hell’s Support Hotline!
Satan! I need--
If you want to talk to Belphegor of Sloth, press 1!
What?
If you want to talk to Mammon of Greed, press 2!
I want to talk to Satan of Wrath!
If you want to talk to Beelzebub of Gluttony, press 3!
Just get on with it! Which one is Satan?
If you want to talk to Lucifer of Pride, press 4!
That’s all of them. Then the next must be...
If you want to talk to Leviathan of Envy, press 5!
Dammit! That one’s not even here!
If you want to talk to Asmodeus of Lust, press 6!
And that means Satan must be...
If you actually wanted to talk to Belphegor of Sloth but zoned out at the start, press 7!
Oh, come on!
And if you want to talk to Satan of Wrath, press 8!
Yes!
Hi! You’ve reached Satan of Wrath!
At long last!
...Which is what I like to call my personal support hotline! {i}My{/i} name is S_Tan, silly!
Are you kidding me? Even if this is a joke, it’s gone on way too long!
If you want to know the current status of your soul, press 1! If you want to know the time and location of my next show, press 2!
And if you want to arrange a meeting to train yourself in the use of unholy powers in order to smite your greatest foe, press 3!
Yes! Perfect!
Great! Clearly leave your name, number, astrological sign, blood type, and color of underwear you’re wearing right now, and we’ll try to respond within ten to twelve business days!
Ten... to twelve...?
{i}Dammit!{/i}
{b}What the fuck is this, a postal service!?{/b}
I throw my phone at my bed and watch it bounce pathetically.
Hey, Makoto? Ya doin’ okay in there?
I decide to let Beepy in. She could probably sneak in herself, anyways.
No, I am {i}not{/i} okay! I learned nothing of the dark arts from you lot, so I sought the aid of Satan herself.
But all she did was temper my fury!
Well, I mean, that’s... kinda what she does? Satan of Wrath? Ring any bells?
Then what’s {i}your{/i} excuse?
You and the others have limitless arcane potential, yet all you do is waste my time with flowery nonsense!
Whoah, there, cowboy. You’re kinda missing the point, here.
The point? I have a fight to the death tomorrow! {i}That’s{/i} the point!
No, not, like, the chuuni point. I mean the real people point.
We don’t really do that whole ‘granting otherworldly powers to mortals’ thing. It’s a hell of a lawsuit, y’know?
Literally.
What? You’re {i}demons!{/i} What are you if not harbingers of destruction and chaos!?
Ouch! Check your privilege there, dude.
You can’t just trust everything you see in comic books, movies, and venerated religious texts.
Demons are around to help people! Just, y’know, not conventionally.
No preaching or anything - that’s more the angels’ style, and if one of them stopped by instead of me, they’d have sent your ass to military school by now.
But we don’t really indulge people’s desires to rain unholy destruction on their playground bullies and exes, either.
Instead, we just sorta... help people to help themselves.
The things you humans call vices can just be ways of taking care of yourselves.
Hah! You speak of vices? Don’t you realize you’re talking to a demon lord? Sin is my entire domain!
Yeah, that’s real edgy of you and all, but, um... Not really?
Indulging in your vices is just engaging with the world around you, y’know? Actually having desires and making decisions for yourself an’ stuff.
But you just sorta hide in your little fantasy, so you don’t really do any of that.
Pretty ironic, buuuut... because of the whole demon lord thing, you’re actually pure as the driven snow!
Me? Pure? This... monster doesn’t know who she’s dealing with!
And so you aim to correct that? What fool would take life advice from a demon?
Uh, weren’t you just saying you were a demon lord or whatever? A little consistency’d be nice.
I mean, too much sin is obviously bad for you, but drinking too much water will kill you, too.
But there’s a lot to gain if you just use some moderation.
Sloth will tell you when to conserve your energy - and with a little bit of pride, you’ll know when you deserve better.
Greed and gluttony... Well, let’s be real, they’re basically the same thing, but they can tell you to go after the things that make you happy.
Envy sorta does the same thing, too, and wrath will get you to change the things you don’t like.
And hey! With enough lust, you just might cut the tsundere bullshit and start making out with that little arch-nemesis of yours.
What? Th-That... With a foul enchantress such as... Are you insane?
See, this is what I’m talking about! You’re simultaneously the least {i}and{/i} most serious person I’ve ever met, and it just... doesn’t look all that healthy!
So whaddya say? Why not just relax a bit~?
You... would ask that I cast aside my title as a lord of demons?
I guess? I mean, maybe not all at once. Just bring it down to like, a six? ‘Cuz right now you’re at a fifty.
And the scale only goes to ten.
That’s... utterly foolish. I am a demon lord, through and through. It’s not merely something that I can stop, like... something... stoppable.
Right, right. Just... I think you could benefit from a few friends, and the edge is... {i}kiiiiinda{/i} getting in the way.
Edge? It’s not edge, it’s a dark miasma, which... and a demon lord is a lone wolf that… works alone and...
Yeah, just... Look, I’m trying not to preach, or anything. Really.
But just because I’m not gonna tell you the answers doesn’t mean I won’t ask the questions.
I mean, what do you actually {i}get{/i} out of the whole demon lord thing? Is it actually worth it?
Worth it? Of {i}course{/i} it’s worth it! I could have untold arcane powers right at my fingertips!
Right. Yeah. Demon powers. But, like, what would you {i}do{/i} with them?
...
What?
Th-That’s... I would... smite my enemies, and enact my will upon... things.
See? Your whole plan is all vague and shit.
So hey! Let’s say instead of demon lording or whatever, you come watch another movie? Just for tonight.
It isn’t vague, and it isn’t ‘demon lording or whatever!’
Stop looking down on my.. activities! They’re important! They have... they have cosmic... um... and... I don’t...
{i}Fuck you!{/i}
...
Sheesh, fine. Serves me right for putting so much effort into something...
Sorry. I’ll go ahead and leave you alone.
Just... go ahead and do what makes you happy, alright?
...
What a... nuisance.
Indulging in vices? Give me a break.
I am the greatest evil humanity has ever known, and after tomorrow, I’ll finally have proof.
I’ve merely transcended their definition of sin to create my own. That’s all.
And I am not... pure as the driven snow.
Enough of this meaningless distraction! As I recall, I was right in the middle of a breakthrough before I was so rudely interrupted.
I return to my tome and begin to study in earnest.
...Yes. This will work.
I proceed unimpeded, the most productive I’ve been in months. No... eons!
...That is, until a piece of paper slips under my door.
...Are they serious?
I open up the card.
’Dear Makoto,’
’We’re sorry about the last two days. We assumed we knew what you wanted better than you did, but that was wrong of us. We hope you can find it in your heart {s}of darkness{/s} to forgive us.’
’Your friends, Beepy, Mami, Bubble, and Lucy’
‘P.S: You should totes still make out with Misaki, though~
Hmph...
What a worthless bunch.
Though... I suppose I’m somewhat fond of them.
Nevertheless, I return to my research. There’s simply too much at stake for me to indulge this distraction.
Finally, my last-minute cramming is finished.
I allow myself a good, long stretch and take a moment to admire my handiwork.
Not even the greatest earthly philosophers with all of their combined knowledge could have accomplished in their entire lifetimes what I just did in mere hours.
I feel unstoppable! Nothing can possibly wrest me away from my dark triumphs!
Except, of course, for the sudden onset of exhaustion...
Oof… how long have I been studying…?
I glance over to my alarm clock to see how many fleeting hours have passed.
It’s 11:20 now. I should have been ready for bed 20 minutes ago!
...Well, whatever. At least I did what I could.
Cleaning myself of impurities in the bathroom, I determined that it was finally time for bed.
Time once again to drift away into that dark void and slumber until the next day.
I can at least sleep knowing that after all my hard work, I’m prepared for what lies ahead tomorrow.
With no other obligations to attend to, I drape myself in blankets and close my eyes, then drift off to sleep.
...
... …
... … …
For some unexplainable reason, my eyes open once again.
Why am I unable to sleep? Has the Sandman decided not to sprinkle his dust over me this evening?
No… There has to be an explanation for why I’m feeling this way.
I turn over on my side to try and find an answer.
Hey, Beepy…
Huh…?
But Beepy is not there.
She hasn’t snuck under my sheets and curled up beside me like she always has.
It’s more than just an answer I’ve found - it’s a realization that’s hit me like a truck.
I’ve driven Beepy away… and now I’m all by myself. Here, in my room, with no one else to share this bed with.
For the first time in my life, I feel… abandoned. Unwanted.
{i}Alone.{/i}
...
I turn over on my back, staring up at my bedroom ceiling and trying to make sense of it all.
I think back to the time I spent with Beepy. Even though I thought of her as a pain and a useless demon…
She was trying to help me this whole time.
Beepy was trying to make me into a better person.
And I… all I did was yell at her. Call her a nuisance.
I was so obsessed with just trying to learn any dark arts I could - to gain an upper hand over Misaki - that I lost sight of what she was trying to teach me.
Now she’s left me alone as a result… and I feel that loss more than ever.
Even when I didn’t want her in the same bed as me, her presence alone is preferable to the intense loneliness I’m feeling.
And it wasn’t just her, either; Mami telling me to hold on to what matters to me, Lucy encouraging me to take pride in myself - even Bubble teaching me how to provide for myself and for other people.
They were all giving me the knowledge and wisdom I needed to make it through life.
But all I had for their help was scorn.
I turned a blind eye to their advice, believing their words to just be a waste of time.
And it’s only now, after I’ve turned my back on them, do I realize all of this.
They must think I want nothing to do with them now.
Or worse, Beepy must not want anything to do with me anymore…
What have I been doing all this time…?
I try to find the words to describe this pit of despair I’m in… but nothing comes from it.
My mind is completely blank - too exhausted to think anymore.
All I know for certain is that… this doesn’t feel right.
It isn’t right for me to treat their help like a waste of time, and it’s not right for them to feel they’ve wasted their energy on me.
I was the one who caused this rift - and now, more than I ever, do I realize that this is no way to live.
I have to be the one to mend these bridges. I have to come clean and own up to what I’ve done.
I’m not even sure if they’ll forgive me… but I still have to make things right.
Not for the sake of some petty duel, but for the demons who’ve helped me…
And also for my sake.
Makoto Takaya’s sake.
With my mind made up, I begin to close my eyes…
...And finally start to sleep.
My eyes flutter open to greet the new day.
All that anxiety and loneliness from last night almost feels unreal.
So many jumbled thoughts flowing in all at once… I’m not even sure what day it is right now.
...I cast a glance towards my calendar, following the days that are marked off until I reach the present.
It’s Friday.
The day of the fated battle.
The day I face Misaki and put an end to our feud.
I wish I could be more excited - but after last night, it’s hard for me to even think about it.
And I know that all of my training will be for naught if my mind is clouded…
...God, what am I even saying? Who cares about that!?
This doesn’t have anything to do with that; this is about making things right.
Before I can even think about what to do with Misaki… I have to talk with Beepy.
I need to tell her that she was right.
Not just her, but everyone else, too. They deserve an apology just as much.
With my mind made up, I freshen up and head out of my room.
Just as I thought, everyone is already awake and seated at the table.
There’s an awkward silence hanging in the air. Usually things would be a little more lively, but everyone is content to sit there this morning.
Even Yumi is there with everyone, eating in silence - but she notices me and greets me as I take my seat.
Mornin’.
Ah… morning.
Yumi’s the only one who says anything to me. Lucy, Mami, and Bubble give me a polite wave, but start staring at me awkwardly.
And Beepy… Beepy won’t even look at me right now.
I can feel guilt welling up in the pit of my stomach… Maybe it’s already too late.
But just when I think talking won’t do any good now, Yumi addresses me.
So… I take it you have something to say to everyone?
Oh… y-yeah, I do.
So even she knows what’s been happening… Well, I guess it was hard not to notice.
I take a deep breath… and bare my soul before everyone present.
I, um… I just want to apologize for my mood the past several days.
None of you were trying to waste my time; all you were doing was trying to help me, and I really do appreciate that.
I was just… so caught up in my own self-absorbed persona that I wasn’t thinking about anything other than being an ‘all-powerful warlord’ or whatever.
I wasn’t listening to any of you at all… and I just brushed off all you had to say.
None of you deserve that - not Lucy, not Mami, not Bubble…
And especially not Beepy.
I’m sorry I’ve been such a… big idiot.
I can’t even look anyone in the eye while I was talking. My eyes remain glued to the table.
I’m so convinced that they won’t accept my apology that I can’t bear to bring my head up.
...And yet, when I finally do muster up the courage to look at everyone else…
I see… smiling faces.
Did… did my words get through to them?
Well, look at that. Even a self-proclaimed demon lord is capable of humility, huh?
I-I’m really glad you came forward like this! I-I’d hate to think we’re all just being a bother to you…
Seems like we tend to lose sight of things like that a lot, huh…?
That part about you being an idiot was totally true, though.
Hehe, yeah! Super true!
Not now, you two… you’re spoiling the moment.
I can’t even believe what I’m seeing right now.
Everyone’s so… accepting of my apology. I thought they wouldn’t accept it at all, but here they are, smiling like nothing ever happened.
S-So you… you forgive me?
Of course we forgive you, Big Bro!
It’s not like we’ve known each other for that long anyways, so…
Don’t worry about it. We’re cool Makoto.
I-I couldn’t bear to turn down such a heartfelt apology from you, Makoto!
I warily look towards Beepy, still unsure how she feels about all this.
Beepy…?
Mmm…
Sure, I’ll accept your apology. I could tell you were being genuine and true to yourself just now.
Besides… it’s too much trouble to hold a grudge for that long.
Everyone…
...Thank you.
I give everyone the first honest smile I have given in who knows how long.
I forgot what it felt like to be surrounded by people who care about me and want me to succeed.
All this time, I thought I was afraid of not being special - or of anyone not giving me the time of day because I’m just another person in a sea of billions.
In all honesty, I was running away from real life and adopting a persona to overcome this dreadful monotony.
But all I succeeded in doing was driving people away anyways, ensuring no one wanted anything to do with me and leaving me all by myself.
Now that I’m with people who want me to be a better person, I can finally see what I’ve been missing this whole time.
I don’t need special powers or archaic knowledge to make myself happy.
I just need… friends.
Alright, think that takes care of everything!
Who’s ready for breakfast?
Oh, oh, oh! I am! I am!
I want a {i}huuuge{/i} breakfast, with waffles and bacon and eggs~
Oooh, I’ll even have some of that leftover lasagna from last night~!
Hey, save some for us, you glutton!
Who’re you callin’ a glutton, you greedy pig!?
We can’t help but all share a laugh as we start pulling things together for breakfast.
This must be what an honest, enjoyable meal with friends and family is like…
It’s crazy and hectic, but… in a good way.
By the way, Beepy, kind of a weird question, but…
Where were you sleeping last night?
Huh? Oh, that’s simple…
I was sleeping with Yumi.
Wh-- {i}huh!?{/i}
I look over to Yumi for confirmation, causing her to blush in response.
Wh-What’s the problem!? There’s nothing wrong with two girls sleeping together, right?
Besides, it… i-it was kinda nice...
Hm? What’re you getting all red for?
Ah--!
Th-That’s none of your concern! Don’t think I’m getting comfortable having you around!
And that goes double for the rest of you, too! You oughta start pulling your weight more instead of freeloading!
Uwah… I-I’m sorry, honestly!
Well… so much for the cozy atmosphere.
Things have gotten a bit more chaotic now… But even so, I still feel a sense of relief.
Everything’s turned out for the best in the end. That’s all I can ask for.
So… what now?
It’s a new day, and we could all use some relaxing after last night.
Well… I still need to go to school.
Oh. Right. Almost forgot.
Also… there’s something I still have to do.
Huh? What is it, Big Bro?
It’s something that only I can take care of. Something I can only do by myself.
I won’t ask any of you to shoulder the burden. This time, I’ll handle it on my own.
I’m coming with you, you know.
No… I can’t let you, Beepy.
What the hell’s your problem!? You spend all that time sucking up to us just so you can abandon us again!?
N-No, of course not! I just…
I don’t want to involve anyone else. This is strictly between me… and her.
So you don’t have to worry. I’ll be back before you even know it.
I give you my word as Sebasti-- ...no, as Makoto Takaya.
Everyone stares pensively at me… until Beepy shrugs her shoulders.
Eh. Do what you gotta do, I guess.
I hope you come back soon, Makoto~!
Don’t you {i}dare{/i} think about leaving us behind again, got it!?
P-Please… just come back safely…
They’re all… waiting for me to come back…
Of course. That’s what friends are for. They’ll just have to trust that I’ll make it back in one piece…
Just like how I have to trust in everything they’ve taught me.
I’ll see you all later.
Saying my farewells to the first honest friends I’ve had in awhile…
I step out of the house and towards the school.
It’s another ordinary day for the students of Akumahou High School.
Yet another long, tiresome day of sitting through endless lectures; the students accept their fate and absorb knowledge like flies.
There are those who look forward to the oncoming weekend, but have their excitement dulled by the ever-present monotony.
And by the time they get to enjoy the weekend, they find that they must return back to school and the cycle begins anew.
Yet on this particular day - at this particular moment in time - my enthusiasm cannot be quelled.
The day has finally come - the moment I’ve been waiting for ever since that fateful encounter two days ago…
My final showdown with Misaki Tendou, better known as Countess Elizabeth, the Everlasting Matriarch of the Forgotten Realms.
She has been a thorn in my side ever since she challenged my authority, remaining one step ahead of me wherever I go.
She even went as far as to perform the same demon summoning ritual … The nerve of her.
But she won’t be able to get the upper hand on me any longer.
I’m prepared now, more than ever, to show her who deserves to lead the Occult Club.
It’s almost sad to know that this may very well be our last showdown… but that’s why it’s all the more important to make this a fight worth remembering.
Honestly, it’s the only thing I’ve been thinking about all day.
I’ve hardly been paying attention to any of the lectures lately… Well, I can always study later, I guess.
But as soon as the bell rings…
*RING!*
I bolt out of my seat and head towards our meeting place.
But… something feels off.
It took me longer than usual to fling my backpack over my shoulders and make my way out the door.
I don’t think it was this heavy when I came in today… and no curse was placed upon it to make it heavier, either.
...
...Oh, wait.
I know exactly what’s going on.
With a passive sigh, I roll my eyes, take off my backpack, and open it up.
Alright, Beepy, come on out.
My hunch is right. As soon as I unzip my backpack, Beepy emerges, stretching.
Aww… I was hoping to surprise you during your big fight.
What’re you doing here? I thought I said I had to do this myself.
You know I can’t allow that.
Letting you do this by yourself means having to take on both Misaki and Satan.
Which, honestly isn’t too hard… Actually, you could probably do it if you tried hard enough.
Y-Yeah, so--
But I’m still technically bound to you. And I wouldn’t be a very good partner if I didn’t help you out with this.
I mean, this whole thing is still really dumb and petty, but I’d rather help you out than leave you fighting by yourself.
So… it’s alright. You can rely on me.
Beepy…
That’s right… I can rely on her.
I had been so focused on doing things myself that I didn’t realize it until now.
Beepy… she’s been helping me out for the past couple days.
And not just her, but Lucy, Mami, and Bubble too. They all want me to succeed.
I haven’t had the chance to properly thank them yet, but there’ll be plenty of time for that once this is all over.
I’m still not sure what to make of myself after all they’ve taught me, but…
All I know for certain now, is… I’m not alone.
...Hey, Beepy, quick question.
Hm?
How are you able to sneak into my backpack like that?
Oh, that. Well…
You know how a cat can fit into almost any space if it tries hard enough?
It’s kinda like that. I’m pretty flexible, so small spaces aren’t a problem for me.
Right, but… that still doesn’t explain how you snuck in without me noticing.
Dude, I’m like, really good at being stealthy.
There was this one time where I snuck into Satan’s room and--
{i}There{/i} you are!
Oh… Nevermind. I’ll tell you later.
In an instant, Beepy’s bragging is brought to a halt by… her.
My fated rival - her eyes blazing brighter than supernova - approaches me without a moment to spare.
I’ve been looking for you ever since the bell rung! We were supposed to meet on the roof for our final battle, remember!?
Don’t tell me you’ve decided to chicken out now!
Your empty taunts won’t work on me any longer, {i}Elizabeth.{/i}
I strike a fancy pose and get myself into character once more.
Oh, I had no intention of running. I was just doing some last-minute strategizing with my demonic servant!
Isn’t that right, Beepy!?
Huh? Oh… Uh…
We’re gonna totally beat you up, and stuff.
Real smooth, Beepy.
Hehehehe~ Is that a fact?
Well, I’ll have you know that me and {i}my{/i} servant have been training nonstop these past few Earth days.
And now, we are at a height reachable by no other being - not even you, Sebastian!
It will be most amusing to see you groveling at my feet as I claim that which is rightfully mine!
Don’t be so sure of yourself, Countess Elizabeth, for it shall be {i}you{/i} that falls before the combined might of me and {i}my{/i} servant!
You shall finally see that the stars have been aligned in my favor all along!
The sparks of our rivalry intensify with every retort.
It’s hard to believe it’s all built up to this moment, but we’re so close to finally settling this.
She may brag all she wants, but we both know who’s going to come out on top in the end…
Oh, right, Satan's here too. Right.
Omigosh, I can hardly believe it! The climatic showdown is here at last~!
I still can’t believe you two have made it this far, but I bet it’s all been worth it!
But I can {i}feel{/i} the powerful auras you two give off! {b}Ooh~{/b} I’m getting goosebumps just looking at you~!
I’m sure you don’t need me to tell you this, but let’s give it our all~!
Make it gory and exciting for everyone watching, but don’t forget to have fun, too~!
...Satan arrives just as Misaki and I go our separate ways.
No one else is left to hear her encouraging words - except for Beepy.
H-Huh!? They left...
Calm down, dude… Let’s just go already.
Beepy follows me, leaving a bewildered Satan by herself.
By the way, I meant to ask you earlier, but…
...What’s with that extra set of clothes?
Huh? Oh, you mean in my backpack?
Don’t worry about that, my faithful companion… You’ll find out soon enough.
I dunno why, but… I’ve got a bad feeling about this.
This is it. The final showdown.
The fate of the universe is at hand, as the ephemeral hands of destiny turn towards this, the final hour.
Only one can emerge victorious.
...Well, unless we were both cast asunder, then… then I guess both of us would be losers.
I thought you guys were {i}already{/i} losers.
...I mean, she has a point, kind of. I'm the one trying to hype myself up in a public bathroom.
I-I'm trying to get in the mindset, here…
Oh, uh. Don't mind me. Just thinking out loud.
You were so inspiring a second ago.
Don't you have, like, anything that would be the least bit encouraging?
...Uh…
...At least nobody will be watching?
...Honestly, that's a bit of a relief.
Theeeere you go.
...Speaking of which, this the {i}boys'{/i} washroom. You're not supposed to be in here…
Huh. Guess not.
...She says as she takes a seat.
Well, it was worth a shot.
I'm just… gonna get changed into a stall over here.
You never told me why you need to change, though.
The cape adds a +5 modifier to my magic stat.
I-I don't think… Okay, sure, whatever.
I'm still not a hundred percent sold on this 'mortal combat' thing, like… you guys aren't gonna beat each other up, right?
A real lord doesn't dirty their hands with such… repulsive displays.
We shall fight with class and dignity, and channel the most arcane of magics at our disposal.
A war of… wordy… words. As it were.
...I don't see how any of this is classy, but… Well, try not to get hurt or anything.
Don't do anything I wouldn't do.
Well all you do is eat and sleep, so…
Is there no greater purpose in life?
Alright. I'm ready.
Stepping out of the stall, I flourish my cape.
Do I look as if I'm ready to harvest a rainbow scale from the most bloodthirsty dragon?
You, uh… look… {i}distinguished?{/i}
Distinguished is good too. Alright, I'm ready.
Kick her ass, Makoto!
...But not literally. That's assault.
...
... …
... … …
Through the winding hallways and the mountainous staircases, I had finally reached the rooftop.
The wind cut against my face. On all sides, I was surrounded by towering chain-link fences.
I could feel swirling arcane forces, caged within like animals. How appropriate.
You're late! For a moment, I suspected you had fled like the cowardly lion you are!
Countess Elizabeth. I will not be deterred by your half-hearted taunts.
Omigosh, you came! I'm {i}so{/i} happy you're here, Makoto!
Misaki was really worried about you, y'know!
I-- {b}Servant!{/b} We've been over this!
Right, right, {i}Countess{/i} Elizabeth, yada yada, whatever, not important!
The audience's already heard that drawn-out name! You should stick with a shorter, cuter one!
Wh-- I'm not trying to be cute! Don't change the subject!
...Audience? What's she talking about…?
No clue.
Enough! I've bided my time, and now it is time! The witching hour beckons!
Eternity everlasting waits for no mere mortal! It is time to settle our thousand year rivalry!
...For someone in a hurry, she sure is monologuing a lot.
Sebastian Wolfgang IV! I challenge you to a demon battle!
W-Wait, demon battle?
What are your terms?
A mere mortal, through their inferior looking glass, cannot perceive the true potential of the opportunities granted to them every day.
But we! We are the truest of demon lords! And we have honed our skills in preparing our servants for this day!
It is time to demonstrate their full potential! We shall be as their bloodthirsty leaders, destined to clash forevermore.
Or until a victor is decided! Proper pacing is key to an enjoyable experience!
...Though, I guess it doesn't really stop a lot of shonen shows from going on and on, and onnn…
...I don't recall agreeing to mortal combat. You know how hard it is to clean blood stains?
Uhhh… think of it this way, Beepy:
If you tire yourself out, it'll make the rest that comes after that much more fulfilling, right?
...I {i}really{/i} hate it when you use my own logic against me…
Fiiiine, let's do this.
Yaaaayyy~! It'll be just like when we were little imps!
Sticking our hands into cookie jars, playing tag, setting fire to villages… Ooh, I'm getting nostalgic thinking about it~
I accept your infernal terms, Countess Elizabeth. May the better team win.
Ah! How gracious of you to admit your own trembling weakness. But it will not be enough!
I've been looking forward to squashing you like the pesky insect that you are!
But perhaps if you groveled at my feet first, I might reconsider…
Your girlfriend has some really kinky fetishes...
I will not be dissuaded! Go, Belphegor of Sloth!
Aaah, fine, fine, you don't have to shout, jeez…
So, uh… how is this supposed to--
I choose you! Satan of Wrath!
Thaaaaat's me!
Y'know that feeling when you're eating a burger and the patty slides out onto your--
We know who you are, S_Tan. You really don't have to introduce yourself a third time.
Ah, but it's for those watching at home! I have to introduce myself as the star of the show!
Seriously, what audience? Are we being recorded?
That's ridiculous. She's just making stuff up.
Ah, well, the school does have security cameras, but…
W-Wait, I...! Grrr, don't distract me! It's time we ended this!
The two demons faced off against each other in the middle of the ring. Their retainers stood at the sidelines, staring daggers at one another.
The tension was thick; you could cut it with a katana.
You're in for quite a rude awakening, Countess. Beepy's defenses are utterly impenetrable.
Fool as you are, I've prepared S_Tan to penetrate any and all defenses!
Yes, yes! You see, I have a secret weaponnn~!
...
Your hollow gloating is nothing but conjecture and fabrication! Give it your best shot, if you are prepared!
Awww, you don't believe me… Okay then! I'll have to prove it to you!
S_Tan cupped her hands together, holding them at her waist. Her eyebrows furrowed, concentrating intensely…
Her hands began to glow with an awesome power…!
Now then, I recommend you don't look directly at my super attack, or else it might burn your retinas~!
An orb of light was slowly accumulating in her hands, pulsating with life. It was growing bigger, and bigger!
Misaki was grinning cheekily on the other side of the arena, and dread washed over my face.” “Oh God, was this… something they planned together!?
Okay? Then… {b}Here! We! GOOO~!{/b}
{i}{b}Prism Shower Sparkle Beam~!{/b}{/i}
With a flourish of her hands, she unleashed the energy in one grand gesture.
I shielded my eyes, it was so bright! Was this her true power!?
The light disappeared. I was afraid to look at what happened to Beepy.
I couldn't hear her. Was she obliterated in the blast? Was… was I foolhardy?
I… I didn't want to lose Beepy. Not like this.
Steeling myself to face the truth, I reopened my eyes.
What I saw was… not quite what I was expecting.
Beepy was just… standing there.
For an awkward moment, all of us stood, staring and utterly dumbstruck.
...Huhwhat?
Oh. I uh, had my eyes closed. S_Tan gave me a warning, so…
Beepyyy… you were supposed to keel over, defeated by the forces of good…
What? Really? I honestly have no idea what I'm supposed to actually do, uh…
H-Hey, Makoto, I don't usually do any of this geeky chuuni stuff you guys do.
You got any acting advice? Is there a script? I didn't come prepared...
...
...How… did you survive that energy blast?
That? The sparkledust thingy? What even was that?
It was a blast of concentrated love! It's the most powerful force in the world!
...Yes, it was her idea. For love is powerful enough to topple kingdoms, to right the most unjust wrongs…
Oh. I guess that explains everything.
Beepy's always been pretty oblivious to anything involving love...
H-Hey, I'm not oblivious! Not any more oblivious than you two dorks flirting it out!
We're {i}not{/i} flirting!
We're {i}not{/i} flirting!
I abstain from mentioning any of the times Yumi acted weird around her. Didn't seem like the time or place.
W-Whatever, it… probably didn't even affect her. She probably didn't even notice!
...Hm… that does sound plausible…
...Orrrrr it's just a dumb little light show that doesn't mean anything?
Beepyyy, why can't you play along? We're supposed to be having fun! Putting on a show
S-Stop fraternizing with the enemy! This is war!
Say, S_Tan, she's been bossing you around a lot, huh?
Yeah… I just wanted to bring sparkles and sunshine into her life!
But she's very stubborn! It's all 'doom and gloom' this and really angsty poetry.
I feel bad for her, honestly… it must be hard to make friends.
Huh… yeah, no kidding.
{b}TMI, S_Tan!{/b} Ergh, you're saying all this to piss me off, aren't you!?
That's it! Makoto! Face me! Right here, right now!
It… it's actually… y'know what, nevermind, sure.
As I walk over to meet Misaki head on, I hear the demon girls chatting with each other.
Teehee! Y'see that? Now they're gonna make up and be friends!
...You're shrewd, I'll give you that…
...
So the demon battle didn't work out. It seems we are at an impasse.
It's fine, I didn't honestly expect much out of mere servants…
I had a backup plan. I cannot think of a more fitting way to end this…
...Then to decide it with a duel!
...A duel?
As we have always duelled! This time, you have no reason to hold anything back!
There are no bystanders! Call upon the most arcane magicks you have to bear!
If that is how it must be, then… I will show you no quarter!
Countess Elizabeth, the Everlasting Matriarch of the Forgotten Reeeealms!
Sebastian Wolfgang IV! Prepare to meet your maker as you traipse from this mortal coil!
This spell conjures up the southwestern winds brought to bear by Pazuzu himself! Within the mind's eye, there is no respite from the storm!
A predictable plot! I have a counterspell for just the occasion!
Barriers crafted by Malphas himself! With this spell, I shall be as a stronghold, rendering mighty storms but petty, dying gasps.
Aha! A stronghold can be undermined and sieged!
Ufufu~ With the authority of Raum, I conjure a quake that will render your humble abodes to rubble!
But a true queen need not a throne to dominate those that would threaten her!
With the spell of Beleth, all shall remain as my loyal subjects! With the power of love, my empire will remain immortal and eternal!
But do you have but the presence of mind to not quiver in his presence?
Ohoho! Is that a challenge, you treacherous worm~?
Our limbs flailed wildly, as if possessed by demons themselves. Perhaps we were.
Spell after spell, hexes rattled with every breath. It was exhilarating.
...They seem to be enjoying this a little too much.
Awww, they really are in love~!
They're made for each other. I'm not sure whether to call it cute or concerning.
You think so too, right!? Ohhh, I hope they make up and kiss after all this…
This isn't some schlocky romcom, S_Tan…
Our climatic duel went on for what felt like hours.
And as the dust cleared…
Hah… haaah…
Huff… hoo…
Your… Your skills have improved, M… Misaki…
Grgh… I-I don't want to admit it, but… you… have honed your craft. Just a little.
This is frustrating… we're evenly matched…
Then… then how do we decide--
Suddenly, the door swung open. A senior student with a red armband ran out onto the rooftop.
What the hell's going on up here!?
Ah! I… uh…
We… were just…
...E-Enjoying the weather!
Yeah! Sun is, is nice, heh, eheh..
I heard shouting! And both of you should know that students aren't allowed on the rooftop!
...A-And what's with those… outrageous costumes??
They aren't costumes!
They're rune-imbibed tunics!
...Whatever they are, they're against uniform regulations.
I don't know what kind of messed up date you two are on, but…
We're {i}not{/i} dating!
We're {i}not{/i} dating!
.Between the uniform violations, entering restricted areas, and the noise complaints…
...And aren't you two supposed to be in class!?
.Oh, shit.
..Ah… ahaha~
It would appear… that our climatic showdown had dragged on too long. And we were both late for our classes.
That… that's an {i}excellent{/i} point, Mister Hall Monitor, so if you excuse us, we should really--
Hold it. I'm issuing both of you detention slips.
Wh-What!?
That's… that's outrageous!
I don't make the rules. Report to A-2 after school.
C'mon, this way. Off the roof.
...And get out of those ridiculous costumes. Or, magic whatsits, honestly…
Ow, okay man, jeez, you don't have to shove.
...This is so embarrassing…
...
... ...
... ... ...
This wasn't quite the finale I had hoped for.
Stuck in this stuffy classroom for an hour, an arm's reach from Misaki.
Usually, in times like this, Beepy would get bored and make some sardonic remark. She didn't tag along this time, though.
A teacher was at the front, kicking back in his seat. I recognize him from science.
He was the sort that tried to be friends with every student. It could've been perceived as cute, if it wasn't so annoying.
Mm… can't say I'm particularly surprised.
He was shaking his head as he said this. I wanted to cut him down to size. I didn't need his pity nor his condescension.
Instead, I remained silent. After all the hullabaloo on the rooftop, my energy is utterly drained.
Glancing aside to Misaki, she seems similarly quiet - the most quiet I've seen her in some time.
Like a barely restrained animal, she glares daggers at the councillor. Up front, and from his throne of power, he's largely unphased.
Well… I hope you kids don't mind if I duck out to get a coffee. Don't tell on me to the principal, okay?
Haha… ha…
He laughed, trying to lighten the mood. There was no response.
Well, you guys just stay put and… think about what you done.
...It's not like I want to be here anymore than you guys do, so…
Excusing himself, he moved to exit the classroom.
As the door closed behind him. Silence hung over the room.
Turning my head slightly behind me, I get a better look at Misaki's expression.
Misaki's leaning back in her seat, arms folded. She seemed content to wait out the clock.
...It was alien seeing her so composed like this. Usually, she was fuming at any little thing.
Maybe she was just as exhausted as I was. She must've been.
Odd that it's just the two of us in for detention.
...Quite. Perhaps the others are satisfied to be vapid conformists.
Or they play favourites with the athletic clubs. I cannot fathom it.
Why don't they allow students on the roof? I never understood that.
Everything's fenced off, it's completely safe. Far as I know, no one's {i}died{/i} up there.
Mmhm. Nice view too. And from such a high vantage, you can be closer to God.
Huh. I didn't know you were the religious sort.
I… I'm not, really, it just… sounded cooler in my head.
...I see.
Silence fell over the classroom once again.
I couldn't stand it. Something didn't feel right about this.
The silence was grating. Perhaps smalltalk was the domain of simpler minds, but…
...I would rather have that in their air than nothing at all.
Turning my chair around, I face her desk.
So, uh… Countess--
Misaki's fine. I'm not in the mood right now, Makoto.
A-Ah, it… it's like that?
This was interesting. Misaki wasn't usually the sort to drop character. Her nerves were as steel.
Her eyes drifted over to survey me. Eventually, she let out a sigh.
I… I'm annoyed.
'Annoyed?’ I'm sorry?
No, not with you - well, maybe a bit, but… feh.
...
Her eyebrows furrowed as she sunk deeper into her chair. She was contemplating something.
...Choosing her words carefully. Now {i}that{/i} was a cause for concern.
Makoto? You feel like… maybe this whole thing was just a waste of time?
...What?
I-I mean, like… with this whole craziness about summoning demons.
I felt like… like maybe if I could attain some kind of power like that, it… it'd help me get ahead.
You had the same thought, didn't you?
Yeah, you're right.
And then when we put all the cards on the table, none of it… really amounted to anything.
It was the same as if we met.
...I suppose our servants ended up being layabouts, huh.
Heh. True, very true.
...Still, though. S_Tan, she… she seemed to care about you a lot.
Feh. Right, 'power of love' and all that nonsense.
...She's endearing, in her own saccharine way.
And I suppose your Beepy was quite attached to you as well.
Yeah, she… she wanted me to make sure I was taking care of myself properly.
Heh. I don't think she ever really cared about the demonic showdown.
...Mm…
Misaki stirred in her seat.
...Frankly, I'm not in the mood for a rematch. We put everything on the table.
Determining a winner such as that would be…
...It'd be repeating the same process, expecting different results.
E-Exactly.
...Makoto, I… I was wondering. Why did you want to start an Occult Club?
...
Why did I originally turn in a form? That was a question I hadn't thought about in some time.
I paused, trying to recollect, to come up with a suitably poetic recounting.
...But nothing came to mind. Nothing that would satisfy the Countess.
I was bored, I guess.
{i}...Bored?{/i}
Yeah. I mean… why would you climb a mountain? Because it's there.
I figure, just to cast a line, and see if I hooked any catches. Perhaps a club would be the beginning of a following.
And from there, my influence would grow. From the lordship of the school, to across town, then across Japan, and the world itself.
...And then I would extend my reach to beyond the stars. Ufufu~
Ah, of course you would be looking for followers. You must be terribly lonely, not having any friends.
Y-You don't have to be so blunt about it.
Ohoho~
Misaki was grinning cheekily, laughing her annoying laugh like it was some kind of catchphrase.
It's not like she had friends either…
Ah… that's something of a relief though.
...When I had found out, I thought you were just trying to one-up me, as rivals are wont to do.
...Perhaps I gave you too much credit.
Waaait a second. When we exhausted our mana pools, you said it yourself.
We're evenly matched. Perhaps you're a bit too prideful.
...Th-That was… I…
...Hmph. Fine, I guess I said those things. I guess.
Heh.
Oh don't look so self-assured! If S_Tan had pulled her weight, this'd be settled by now!
If she pulled her weight, huh…?
I leaned back in my seat. I thought about things a bit.
Heh. Maybe they had other priorities.
What are you babbling on about?
There was something Beepy was always nagging me about.
About taking the magic talk down a notch, acting normal, making friends.
Hmph. How preachy.
Heh. I was a bad listener too, but I… I think she had a point.
Did S_Tan ever talk to you about this sort of stuff?
...Sometimes. A lot of it sounded out of some schlocky anime. I didn't pay much attention.
Power of love or some such. That it has the power to bridge any conflict.
...She's been nice, though, I… I don't hate her.
Misaki must've grown attached to S_Tan. Usually it takes a lot of goading to get such high praise from her.
I guess they've been… they've been looking out for us more than we thought.
Guess so…
...Heh. All for the sake of a pointless… dumb duel.
The futility of it all… it almost makes you want to laugh, doesn't it?
I guess it is a little funny.
Though… I'm not sure if it was all pointless, in the end.
We ended up learning a bit more about each other.
...When you put it like that, you make it sound as if they had a plan all along.
Haha… wouldn't surprise me.
Though both of us were able to chat so casually, without pretense or masquerade, there was a question that hung in the back of my mind.
...Misaki, I had an idea.
Would it be an issue if we… we submitted a joint application for an Occult Club?
Hm…
Oh no. She was seriously considering it.
Well. You {i}are{/i} my equal as a magus - though your attire is novice magecraft at best.
I suppose if we… combined our powers… then there would be nothing standing in our way.
To glory and prestige, I assume.
S-Something like that.
Sitting up a little straighter, she looked a little more jazzed up for this idea.
Honestly, that's not the worst idea you've ever had, Makoto!
With my brains and your brawn, we could rule this sinful realm.
...Am I {i}really{/i} the brawn here? It was my idea.
Hm, true. A two-headed dragon would be a more appropriate moniker.
Shoot, usually you end up signing contracts for this sort of agreement.
Do you… wanna shake on it instead?
...Hmmm…
Her eyes lowered to my outstretched hand.
...A verbal agreement would've sufficed, but… ah, whatever.
She clasped it firmly. Her eyes lit up with excitement.
The pact is sealed. We shall combine our resources, and bring about a new age, Sebastian.
...I wouldn't have it any other way, Countess.
Ohoho~!
Ufufu~!
H-Hey, you kids better not be enjoying yourselves in there!
Crap!
W-We'll talk later.
Y-Yeah, definitely.
Parting ways, we settled back into our seats as the councillor returned, a mug of coffee in hand.
Sorry I took so long… Nobody else's around at this hour, 'sides the janitor.
Had to make a cup for myself. Fresh, though! Haha… ha…
...Yeah, you kids better glower in jealousy at this discount coffee.
That's what detention's all about: regrets, silence, and reminiscing about all that time you lost out on…
...
...
Glancing aside to each other, we decide it best to bide our time and wait out the remaining minutes.
{b}BEEP!{/b}
Alright, time's up. You two are free to go. Go on, get.
Silently, we shuffle our way out until the classroom is no longer in sight.
...
... …
... … …
Finally released from our imprisonment, we emerged into the blinding daylight.
The sun was steady on its descent. Time marched to its own drum, it seemed.
Waiting for us were two demons - opposites of the same coin.
Or, at least a similar coin. Same currency, at least.
Hey! Guuuuys! Over heeeeere~!
...Huh? They're together?
...And they {i}aren't{/i} shouting nonsense at each other. What witchcraft is this?
See, see!? It was all because of the power of love, you see?
Teeheehee! The original idol S_Tan scores another convert~!
What are you two doing out here?
Hmph. After leaving us to rot in our cells, you have some gumption to show your faces.
Well, I mean… detention was for {i}you two,{/i} not us.
Would {i}you{/i} wanna serve time for something you didn't do?
Don't worry though! We've been waiting ever-so-faithfully for your return!
And now we can all be together again! Ooooh, I missed you guys {b}so much~!{/b}
In that moment, S_Tan barreled at us with a hug.
A-Augh… this grip…!
I… I think my ribs are… p-puncturing my diaphragm!
Cease, minion! Jeez…!
As you command, Misaki-chan~!
...Rrgh…
With a giddy smile, S_Tan bounced back away. Out of the corner of my eye, I could catch Beepy rolling her eyes.
I was thinking about things we could talk about to catch up! Like our favourite waifus, or the ethics of gun control!
Oh, and which Fantastic Finale game is the best! I like the thirteenth one the most~!
You oughtta save it for the party, at least…
Party!? We're having a {i}party!?{/i}
...What's this about, Makoto?
...This is the first I've heard of it. Your guess is as good as mine.
Shit. I wasn't supposed to mention that…
...Eh, whatever. Cat's out of the bag now.
Lucy and the twins stayed behind to plan a party for you.
Their logic was like… if you won, sweet, we'll get to eat and have fun and celebrate.
And if Misaki kicked your ass, well… at least you'll have a nice meal?
This sounds suspiciously like something Bubble would come up with…
...Riiiight, Bubble. Yeah. Her idea.
...Hmmm~?
Shut up, Satan.
Teehee! It's okay, I won't give away your little secret~?
Though, I wish you would've told me my other sisters came out to play… I would've visited!
...Gee, I wonder why I didn't tell you.
Awww, that's super cold, Beepy!
...Ah well, doesn't matter anyway. Here they are now.
...Huh? Really?
Turning my head to look, I see three familiar… familiars, scampering down the block.
{b}Makotoo~!{/b}
K-Keep it down, Bubble! Someone'll hear you!
It's not like anyone can perceive us anyway, y'know. Don't be an idiot.
Bubble? Mami? Lucy?
What're you doing out here?
We're here because we got an {b}extra special{/b} surprise for you!
Oh, a surprise…
What? It's not a bad surprise. Or are you not grateful for the gifts that we shower upon you!?
Stuck up prick is what you are…
N-No, I-I'm grateful, really, it's just…
Beepy… already let me in on the surprise party.
...Aw… that's no fun.
I made pretty decorations and party favours and everything. Th-They aren't… that good, but…
Hey, what the hell, Beepy!? This whole thing was your idea, wasn't it!?
...Ah, oh well! The party's back there, so I'll make sure it's all hot and ready to go-
Just before she was about to dart off, Mami grabbed her by the shoulder, holding Bubble in place.
Hold it, lard ass, you're not getting off that easy!
Nyuu…
...Well, at least neither of you guys got hurt in the final battle. I think that's a good thing.
A-And you look like you two are going to be good friends, too. W-We should all… be friends together.
...I-If you wanna be my friend too, I mean, I… I wouldn't mind at all…
Lucy was a little skittish, but she meant well with every word.
Heh, well, Countess. It seems they have a grand feast awaiting us~
...Are you serious? We don't have time for vapid festivities.
...W-What?
Misaki was scowling. What was she so upset about?
That was always the question with her, it seemed. Even in times of revelry, she always found something to pick at.
We just signed a pact to establish our organization, and you want to whittle time away eating and drinking?
No, no, I won't have that! There's too much to do!
...But they planned a party and everything…
As the Everlasting Matriarch of the Forgotten Realms, the value of time itself is not lost on me!
...Well, she's at it again.
It's okay, you get used to it~!
Firmly grasping my hand, she tugged at me to follow along.
We have to submit that infernal paperwork, gather the necessary materials for rituals.
{i}Proper{/i} materials, not the dollar-store junk you grabbed… from the dollar store.
Hey, it worked, didn't it?
Not to mention the lessons! We have to set a curriculum if we are to influence the masses!
There are innumerable ways to greatness! Geomancy, necromancy, hydromancy…
...A-A whole lot of 'mancies!
I guess they would drive you a little antsy…
Wh--! I… sh-shut your filthy mouth, sinner…
If you're going to be my able-bodied assistant in this scheme, I'll need you at your best!
Wait, who's assisting who? We're supposed to be equals, right!?
You forfeited that privilege the instant you made that ghastly pun!
They're at it again…
I read that this's just another one of their mating rituals, y'know. It'll be fiiiine~!
...Welp. All's well that ends well, I guess.
...Jeez, I could use a nap.
Well I'm not sticking around! There's a delicious meal waiting back home!
H-Hey, wait up! Damn, she's fast…
I… I guess I'll be going too…
You go ahead guys! I'm gonna make a few calls~!
So, in the end, Misaki and I agreed to work together, and form the Occult Club.
We're not… dating or anything. It's just a mutually beneficial collaboration.
As insistent as S_Tan is on that point...
In a way, I'm kind of glad. Everything else ended up working out for the best.
Misaki's very determined to make this a success, and I don't intend to let her down.
Maybe things will calm down.
{b}RING! RING!{/b}
Huh… that's my cell.
It's from Yumi?
{i}Beep.{/i}
Hello?
{b}Makoto! Where the {i}hell{/i} are you!?{/b}
Whoa, whoa, stop shouting! You nearly blew out my eardrums…!
You're supposed to be supervising your little demon gremlin friends! Come home right now!
...I, uh… I made plans.
{i}Plans!?{/i} Listen, they're all here for that dumb party!
{b}More{/b} of them! I don't even know who invited them!
It was probably S_Tan. Whole family's together, I think.
What're you… g-gimme back my phone!
Beepy!? What's going on over there?
It's nothing, don't worry about it. Enjoy your date with Misaki or whatever.
How many times do I have to tell you, this isn't a date--
{i}Beep.{/i}
...Aaaand she hung up.
Things are about to get a whole lot more interesting on the homefront.
I still need to figure out a way to send Beepy and S_Tan home. I promised my sister that much.
...But that can wait. Alongside the Countess, my path is clear.
What are you monologuing about…?
Nothing. Just imagining the monument we're going to erect as a testament to our legacy.
...D-Don't use that word, 'erect.' It's lewd!
...But I was… w-whatever…
